
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 373769                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   495616                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  48681                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67767352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30827.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11522386623                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278656261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        62592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        62336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        86784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               647424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           41088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       219136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            219136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     41707632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     41537048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     57827759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     41622340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2302875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14073127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               431405318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2302875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           27378629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         146019356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              146019356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         146019356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     41707632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     41537048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     57827759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     41622340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2302875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14073127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              577424674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         316184                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120914                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2744620                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1734193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            316184                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       147112                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              360576                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         84834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       201487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          171775                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28856                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        3000447     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          21893      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          27658      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          44096      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          18090      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          23860      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          27911      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          12922      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         184146      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      3361023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.087856                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.481870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2728515                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       219335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          358862                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        54124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        48030                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      2118962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        54124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2731719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          7887                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       203372                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          355833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      2105373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2941753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      9786334                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      9786334                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      2434147                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         507581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           29384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       198248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       102336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        23116                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054253                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265637                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530693     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377892     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155152      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86799      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117480      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36602      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35761      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19119      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13644     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652893     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26631      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180447      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101910      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.545204                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7304847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320414                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40109                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        54124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          6002                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054757                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17342                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        34514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926592                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176947                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             278829                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         272012                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           101882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.535331                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1908987                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1908945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         1143313                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         3071231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.530428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        30264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567589     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375170     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136010      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67636      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61856      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26146      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25626      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12155      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34711      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1416106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1744781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               258544                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              158139                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           252936                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1570798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        36008                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        34711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            5326943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           4163673                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 42873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                237857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1416106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1744781                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1416106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.541392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.541392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        8666138                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2669580                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1958404                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         255638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2627090                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1447829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            255638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       171095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              320411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         73870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        95935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          161253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3094375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2773964     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          45584      1.47%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          26382      0.85%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          44839      1.45%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          16694      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          41197      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7272      0.24%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          12505      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         125938      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3094375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071033                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.402300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2606223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       117745                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          319517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          422                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        26706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1638831                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2609004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         68259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        41284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          316850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1635373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2165465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7442138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7442138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1718554                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         446901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           22746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       277012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        51794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          569                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        11610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1623890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1507082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1571                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       668344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3094375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2437484     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215199      6.95%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207585      6.71%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123879      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69599      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18450      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21245      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          512      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3094375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2891     58.26%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.12%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          924     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193198     79.17%     79.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12850      0.85%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249772     16.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51146      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1507082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.418764                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6115070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465547                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         60064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             296306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         223249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            51121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.412451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1466209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1465547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          883252                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2001579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.407223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.441278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1305047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3043910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2549526     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199989      6.57%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122168      4.01%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39962      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62853      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13465      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8818      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7841      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39288      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3043910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1145725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1305047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               265610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              215610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           198725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1145163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        17756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        39288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4628801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3298890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 59678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                504505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1145725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1305047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1145725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.141138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.141138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.318356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.318356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6867904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1928792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1706245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         240904                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       217039                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89851                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13101                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2533001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1509945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            240904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        97173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              297843                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         46553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       408122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          147144                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14386                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3270654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.841967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2972811     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10567      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          21504      0.66%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           9107      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          48717      1.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          43780      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           8279      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17930      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         137959      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3270654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066939                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.419560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2501042                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       440565                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          296551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1014                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        31479                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        21231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1769980                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        31479                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2505385                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        395720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        30132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          293613                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        14322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1767862                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         6838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1052                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2084961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8319211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8319211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1805495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         279454                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           32462                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       412977                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       207098                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1999                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        10204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1762016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1677982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163108                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3270654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2665302     81.49%     81.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       186429      5.70%     87.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149983      4.59%     91.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64373      1.97%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80767      2.47%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75193      2.30%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42893      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3635      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2079      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3270654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4231     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31658     85.92%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          955      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057362     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14686      0.88%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399490     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206344     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1677982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.466251                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36844                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021957                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6664834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1925384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1714826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2909                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20577                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1836                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          148                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        31479                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        382945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3789                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1762227                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412977                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207098                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7684                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9008                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        16692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1665000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397953                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             604256                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         217650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           206303                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.462644                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1661790                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1661662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          899479                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1785292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.461716                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.503827                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1339277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       188458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        14618                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3239175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2664693     82.26%     82.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212363      6.56%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98728      3.05%     91.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96402      2.98%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26900      0.83%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       109860      3.39%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8770      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6170      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15289      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3239175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1339277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1574047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               597655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              392393                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           207808                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1399879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        15289                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4986391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3556511                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 55542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                328226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1339277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1574047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1339277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.687181                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.687181                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.372137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.372137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        8221188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1935994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       2095768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         240559                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14428                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94978                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83883                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2531367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1508990                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            240559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        96983                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              297497                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         46106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       402419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          146979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14273                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3262634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.843415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2965137     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          10427      0.32%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          21548      0.66%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           9085      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          48583      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          43754      1.34%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           8332      0.26%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17945      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         137823      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3262634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066843                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.419294                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2503865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       430394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          296223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        31142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        21232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1768600                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        31142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2507948                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        385443                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        32599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          293529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        11970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1766561                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         5601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2082787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8313899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8313899                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1806300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         276475                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           30228                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       412957                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       207323                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1916                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        10205                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1760703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1678502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160633                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       395420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3262634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2658668     81.49%     81.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184661      5.66%     87.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149141      4.57%     91.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65114      2.00%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81348      2.49%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75131      2.30%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42886      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3626      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2059      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3262634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4211     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31629     85.97%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          952      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057233     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14684      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399899     23.82%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206586     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1678502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.466396                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36792                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6657775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1921596                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1662202                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1715294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2897                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20207                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1886                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        31142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        376788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3451                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1760914                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412957                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207323                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        16567                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1665528                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       398390                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             604938                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         217720                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           206548                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.462791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1662327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1662202                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          900070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1784032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.461866                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.504514                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1340047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       186236                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        14508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3231492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2657200     82.23%     82.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211807      6.55%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98581      3.05%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96610      2.99%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26990      0.84%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110269      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8634      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6194      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15207      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3231492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1340047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1574922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               598180                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              392743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           207913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1400649                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        15207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4977443                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3553480                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 55405                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                336246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1340047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1574922                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1340047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.685637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.685637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.372351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.372351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        8224837                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1936168                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       2095503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         255619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154430                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2626877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1447714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            255619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       171085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              320384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         73865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        92768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          161237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2770581     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          45583      1.47%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          26379      0.85%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          44834      1.45%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          16694      0.54%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          41194      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7270      0.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          12503      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         125927      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3090965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.071027                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.402268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2606033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       114551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          319492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        26701                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1638704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2608808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         65173                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        41175                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          316832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1635249                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2165341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7441570                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7441570                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1718448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         446876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       277006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        51767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1623781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1506978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       668341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2434121     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215178      6.96%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207569      6.72%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123881      4.01%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69591      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18448      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21245      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          421      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2889     58.29%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.14%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          920     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193124     79.17%     79.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12850      0.85%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249771     16.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51118      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1506978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.418735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6111445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465439                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1511934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         56988                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484251                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             296271                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         223235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            51094                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.412420                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1466101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1465439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          883216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2001501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.407193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.441277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1304937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2546162     83.74%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199966      6.58%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122163      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39957      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62848      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13466      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8815      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7838      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39287      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1145644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1304937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               265576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              215603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           198711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1145059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        17751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        39287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4625275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3298655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 59671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                507915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1145644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1304937                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1145644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.141360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.141360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.318333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.318333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6867419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1928687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1706095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         254469                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153991                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16533                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          749                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2617290                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1441600                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            254469                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       170524                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              319028                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         73510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       103683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          160610                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2771678     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          45483      1.47%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          26187      0.85%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          44713      1.45%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          16572      0.54%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          41116      1.33%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7218      0.23%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12437      0.40%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         125302      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3090706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.400569                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2596499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       125410                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          318143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        26496                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1631218                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2599262                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         66901                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        50349                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          315493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1627781                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2154747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7406764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7406764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1710100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         444642                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22609                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       276316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        51438                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11517                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1616391                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1500095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1578                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       314190                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       665513                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2436742     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213998      6.92%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207031      6.70%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123362      3.99%     96.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69258      2.24%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18317      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21071      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          510      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          417      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2856     58.16%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1139     23.19%     81.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          916     18.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1187295     79.15%     79.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12750      0.85%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249144     16.61%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50791      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1500095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.416823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4911                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003274                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6097385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1930846                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1458785                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1505006                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         58742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1616638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51438                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10260                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24024                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1477563                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244588                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             295355                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         222257                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            50767                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.410562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1459445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1458785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          879315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1990337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.405344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.441792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1140851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298987                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317706                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        22318                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2548583     83.82%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198818      6.54%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121629      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39755      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62612      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13366      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8763      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7786      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39161      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1140851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1298987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               264706                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              215056                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           197837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1139700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17621                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        39161                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4617992                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3283655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 59462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                508174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1140851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1298987                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1140851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.154557                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.154557                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.317002                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.317002                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6837370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1919355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1699232                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3596330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         207944                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21887                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87777                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1228348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            207944                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       100415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              252350                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         68340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       191535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125811                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21896                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2506500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2254150     89.93%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          13231      0.53%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          21416      0.85%     91.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32007      1.28%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13233      0.53%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          15717      0.63%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          16494      0.66%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          11511      0.46%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         128741      5.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2506500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.057821                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.341556                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1990757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       218441                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          250492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        45329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        33624                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1489025                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        45329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1995760                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         75617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       124803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          247056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        17923                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1485809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3295                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2033078                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6924515                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6924515                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1679435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         353430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           45629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       150181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        83486                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4238                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16000                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1480882                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          321                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1384278                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2268                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222758                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2506500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1915027     76.40%     76.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240572      9.60%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       133223      5.32%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87142      3.48%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78564      3.13%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24332      0.97%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17544      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6114      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3982      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2506500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           378     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1302     40.15%     51.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1563     48.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1139910     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25426      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137014      9.90%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81775      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1384278                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.384914                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3243                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002343                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5280567                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704033                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1359154                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1387521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31256                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5653                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        45329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         60417                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1481203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83486                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13323                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129665                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             211297                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         185221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            81632                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.379306                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1359248                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1359154                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          804633                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2038940                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.377928                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394633                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2461171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1963694     79.79%     79.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236785      9.62%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98395      4.00%     93.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50598      2.06%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37452      1.52%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21557      0.88%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13161      0.53%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11050      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28479      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2461171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1006395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1227110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               196734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              118909                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           170383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1109435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23922                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28479                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3914880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3009906                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 35849                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1089830                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1006395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1227110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1006395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.573478                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.573478                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.279839                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.279839                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6191533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1857463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1411392                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         316276                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263263                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113429                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2745275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1734683                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            316276                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       147143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              360672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         84870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       200624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          171822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        3000263     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          21898      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          27663      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          44111      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18092      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          23863      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          27917      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          12924      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         184204      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      3360935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.087882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.482006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2729175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       218467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          358958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        48040                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      2119564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2732379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7890                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       202505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          355929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      2105959                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2942598                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      9789008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      9789008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2434739                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         507856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           29365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       198303                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       102360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        23122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962639                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552881                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530412     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377970     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155180      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86824      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117511      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36611      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35776      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19126      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13650     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1653332     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26639      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180493      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101934      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962639                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.545347                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17266                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7305800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2321081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1909443                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          6005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2055315                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198303                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        34528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1927090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             278896                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         272080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           101906                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.535469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1909485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1909443                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         1143619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         3072012                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.530566                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1745197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        30276                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567326     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375238     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136038      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67646      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61871      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26154      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25629      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12163      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34722      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1416437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1745197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               258611                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              158182                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           252996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1571170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        36015                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        34722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            5327376                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           4164803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 42888                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                237945                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1416437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1745197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1416437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.540798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.540798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        8668397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2670305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1958949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         240701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216870                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          658                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2532949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1509161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            240701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        97082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              297631                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         46387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       407552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          147122                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      3269676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.841835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2972045     90.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          10537      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21457      0.66%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           9109      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          48638      1.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          43771      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           8311      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17924      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         137884      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      3269676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.419342                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2503981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       437000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          296341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        21201                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1769080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2508130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        391921                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        30715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          293504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1766986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         6678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1051                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2083879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      8315415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      8315415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1805576                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         278292                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           31469                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       412871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       207102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1994                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        10204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1761153                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1677746                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162240                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3269676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2664768     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       186343      5.70%     87.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149557      4.57%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64258      1.97%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80736      2.47%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75328      2.30%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42945      1.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3667      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2074      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3269676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4244     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31722     85.92%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          955      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057171     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14669      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399451     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206355     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1677746                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.466186                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022006                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6663451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1923653                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1714667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1820                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        379730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1761364                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2061                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7711                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        16711                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1664728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             604234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         217613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           206313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.462568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1661542                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1661415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          899425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1784527                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.461648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.504013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1339356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        14596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3238341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2663962     82.26%     82.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212308      6.56%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98696      3.05%     91.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96355      2.98%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26797      0.83%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       109971      3.40%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8759      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6168      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15325      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3238341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1339356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1574138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               597707                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              392430                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           207820                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1399958                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        15325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4984632                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3554585                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 55612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                329204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1339356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1574138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1339356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.687023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.687023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.372159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.372159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        8220005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1935753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       2094986                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         256746                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225985                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22891                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       162352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154856                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2636368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1453865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            256746                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       171623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              321726                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         74160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        95472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          161828                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3104690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2782964     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          45687      1.47%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          26555      0.86%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          44949      1.45%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          16828      0.54%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          41255      1.33%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7306      0.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          12575      0.41%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         126571      4.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3104690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.071341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.403977                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2615458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       117324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          320828                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        50650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        26884                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1646223                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        50650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2618235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         64770                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        44314                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          318172                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8546                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1642801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2176068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7476941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7476941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1727422                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         448646                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           22850                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       277704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        52134                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          574                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        11700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1631343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1514149                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1592                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       316800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       670631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3104690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2444752     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       216444      6.97%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       208225      6.71%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124375      4.01%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70029      2.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18534      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21395      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          514      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3104690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2909     58.39%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.02%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          926     18.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1199175     79.20%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12962      0.86%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       250412     16.54%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51484      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1514149                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.420728                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4982                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6139562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1948408                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1519131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        50650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         56570                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1120                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1631590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        52134                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13910                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10378                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491252                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             297234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         224239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            51461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.414366                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1473074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1472413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          887342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2013387                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.409131                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.440721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1150848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1311350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       320300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3054040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2557038     83.73%     83.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       201163      6.59%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122824      4.02%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40186      1.32%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63083      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13559      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8874      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7894      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39419      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3054040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1150848                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1311350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               266511                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              216171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           199643                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1150805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        17874                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        39419                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4646258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3313981                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 59817                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                494190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1150848                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1311350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1150848                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.127155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.127155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.319779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.319779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6898880                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1938486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1713025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         277763                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107209                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27998                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1293                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2669972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1553275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            277763                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       135207                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              322666                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         79581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       155555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          164869                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3199199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2876533     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          14818      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          23485      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          31295      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          33317      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          28129      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          15511      0.48%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          23920      0.75%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         152191      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3199199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077180                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2642947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       183826                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          321821                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          520                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        50080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        45396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1903790                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        50080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2650792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         25658                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       140626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          314525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        17513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1901998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         7528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2654909                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8843824                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8843824                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      2272354                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         382555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           53714                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       178787                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        95475                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        41703                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1898620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1792933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          344                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       550422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3199199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.246597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2425706     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       330410     10.33%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       162592      5.08%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       113853      3.56%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90924      2.84%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37927      1.19%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23655      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12537      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1595      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3199199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     11.86%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1194     37.37%     49.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1622     50.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1508984     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26646      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          223      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       161990      9.03%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95090      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1792933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.498192                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3195                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6788604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2125863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1764723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1796128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3563                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        50080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         21453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1899086                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       178787                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95475                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        32893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1767335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152668                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             247734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         250657                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            95066                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.491079                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1764818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1764723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         1014138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2733419                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.490353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371014                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1324531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1629751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        29068                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3149119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2467982     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343836     10.92%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123731      3.93%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59975      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        57166      1.82%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29453      0.94%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20722      0.66%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11765      0.37%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34489      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3149119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1324531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1629751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               241489                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              147627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           235015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1468390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        33556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        34489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            5013715                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3848284                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42330                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                399681                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1324531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1629751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1324531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.717098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.717098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.368040                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.368040                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7952064                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2460119                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1764348                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         270147                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221269                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27318                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2591387                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1542334                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            270147                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       131128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              338020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         80958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       225502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          161326                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28196                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      3206942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2868922     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          36189      1.13%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          42063      1.31%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23073      0.72%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          26036      0.81%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          14811      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          10525      0.33%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          26316      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         159007      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      3206942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075064                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.428559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2569144                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       248448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          334963                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        51583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        43871                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1881643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        51583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2573703                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         28378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       207868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          333090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12316                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1879575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2612140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      8748783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      8748783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      2202862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         409252                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           35084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       180054                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        97116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2201                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        20668                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1874203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1762915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       583248                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3206942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2465167     76.87%     76.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298379      9.30%     86.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159733      4.98%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110803      3.46%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97179      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49611      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12455      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7760      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5855      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3206942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           438     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.05%     56.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1734     43.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1476230     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27507      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          215      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162733      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96230      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1762915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.489851                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3953                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6739085                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2124334                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1732066                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1766868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4391                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34125                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2738                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          197                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        51583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         22463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1874702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       180054                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15754                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        31931                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1735889                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152860                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             249034                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         242008                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            96174                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.482341                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1732180                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1732066                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         1030213                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2700178                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.481279                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381535                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1293227                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1586767                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        28249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3155359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2507418     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       300678      9.53%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125977      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75168      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52171      1.65%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33991      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17821      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14014      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28121      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3155359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1293227                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1586767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               240304                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              145926                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           227103                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1430560                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        32301                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            5001943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3801043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 41610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                391938                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1293227                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1586767                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1293227                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.782868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.782868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.359342                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.359342                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        7828766                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2405651                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1754889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         316084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263092                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30203                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2743721                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1733605                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            316084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       147065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              360454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         84800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       201159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          171722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28849                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3359649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2999195     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          21885      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          27646      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          44085      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          18084      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          23851      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          27903      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          12920      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         184080      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3359649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.087828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.481707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2727645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       218975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          358742                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        54099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        48019                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      2118258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        54099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2730844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          7854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       203060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          355719                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8069                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      2104662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2940754                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      9782971                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      9782971                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2433414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         507313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           29329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       198178                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       102300                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        23107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          2053561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961491                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3359649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529603     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377759     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155090      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86772      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117437      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36602      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35750      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19110      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1526      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3359649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13640     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.80%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652379     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180378      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101870      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961491                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.545028                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17256                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7302207                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2319559                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1978747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        54099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          5979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054065                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198178                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102300                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        34501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1925967                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             278722                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         271931                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           101842                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.535157                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1908366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1908324                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         1142924                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         3070128                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.530255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372272                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        30255                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3305550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566470     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375056     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135963      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67613      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61840      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26139      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25618      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12154      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34697      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3305550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1415664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1744238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               258453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              158084                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           252862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1570308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        35998                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        34697                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            5324893                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           4162233                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 42854                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                239231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1415664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1744238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1415664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.542185                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.542185                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        8663286                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2668745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1957725                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         256328                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22745                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161515                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154655                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16770                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          767                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2633084                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1450853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            256328                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       171425                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              321076                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         73543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       101447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          161438                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22137                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      3106261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2785185     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          45728      1.47%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          26509      0.85%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          44734      1.44%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          16611      0.53%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          41167      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7333      0.24%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          12665      0.41%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         126329      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      3106261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.071224                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.403140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2611969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       123508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          320194                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          406                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        50181                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        26944                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1643082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1790                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        50181                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2614790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         72991                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        42325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          317471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8500                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1639512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2171116                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7461734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7461734                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1727735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         443381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           22891                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       277202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        52134                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        11716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1628343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1512479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313448                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       662716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3106261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486913                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2446624     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       216132      6.96%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       209010      6.73%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124005      3.99%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69760      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18442      0.59%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21364      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          514      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          410      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3106261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2915     58.59%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1137     22.85%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          923     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1197958     79.20%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12913      0.85%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249980     16.53%     96.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51512      3.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1512479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.420264                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4975                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6137868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1942054                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1471170                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1517454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1506                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61001                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1778                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        50181                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         64682                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1628591                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        52134                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          650                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13783                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10285                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1489731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245443                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22748                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             296930                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         224159                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            51487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.413943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1471774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1471170                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          886776                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2010917                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.408786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.440981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1151036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1311601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22402                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3056080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2559059     83.74%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200921      6.57%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123147      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40275      1.32%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62920      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13568      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8796      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7887      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39507      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3056080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1151036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1311601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               266557                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              216201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           199687                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1151043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        17887                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        39507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4645236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3307567                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 59513                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                492619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1151036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1311601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1151036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.126644                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.126644                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.319832                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.319832                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6892377                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1936601                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1709987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         316965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121187                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2750915                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1738491                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            316965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       147451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              361452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         85045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       193658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          172179                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2999045     89.24%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          21942      0.65%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          27728      0.83%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          44212      1.32%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          18120      0.54%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          23908      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          27976      0.83%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12942      0.39%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         184624      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3360497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.088073                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.483064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2734805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       211516                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          359733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        48131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      2124189                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2738015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          7894                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       195536                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          356698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      2110547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2949184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      9810338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      9810338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      2440280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         508892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           29407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       198706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       102563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        23182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          2059305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1966987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553770                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.585326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2528167     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378766     11.27%     86.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155537      4.63%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87018      2.59%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117742      3.50%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36711      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35851      1.07%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19176      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1529      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13682     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1865     10.78%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1755     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1657029     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26715      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180868      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       102134      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1966987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.546555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7314094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2326038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1913665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1984289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          6008                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2059809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          600                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17226                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        34608                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1931348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             279470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         272683                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           102105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.536653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1913707                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1913665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         1146216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         3078932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.531739                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1419603                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1749074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        30343                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.529022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2565162     77.59%     77.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       376036     11.37%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136370      4.12%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67773      2.05%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62001      1.88%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26214      0.79%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25690      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12195      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34800      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1419603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1749074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               259145                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              158517                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           253561                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1574637                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        36086                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        34800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            5331232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           4173885                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 42961                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                238383                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1419603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1749074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1419603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.535131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.535131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.394457                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.394457                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        8687508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2676391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1963199                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606098749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619438602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656341368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669681221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656341368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669681221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955991.717666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957401.239567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881449.456140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881449.456140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949842.790159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951251.734375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949842.790159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951251.734375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.960732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    44.867253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1946.172015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.021908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.950279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60505097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82196668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     142701765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60505097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82196668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      142701765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60505097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82196668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     142701765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2881195.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 903260.087912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1274122.901786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2881195.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 903260.087912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1274122.901786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2881195.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 903260.087912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1274122.901786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58661297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74204864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132866161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58661297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74204864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132866161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58661297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74204864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132866161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2793395.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815438.065934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1186305.008929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2793395.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815438.065934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1186305.008929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2793395.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815438.065934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1186305.008929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.494349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        22.263546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.054159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   127.997373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1864.097186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.062499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.910204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241103952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      241103952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     241103952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          503                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         113402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        44.453940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.605751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   236.776300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1791.983949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.115613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.874992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   509                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 503                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12621769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    474970113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     487591882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12621769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    474970113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      487591882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12621769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    474970113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     487591882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              1012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               1012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              1012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.489980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.497036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.489980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.497036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.489980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.497036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 901554.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 971309.024540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969367.558648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 901554.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 971309.024540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969367.558648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 901554.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 971309.024540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969367.558648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11392569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    432029804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443422373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11392569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    432029804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443422373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11392569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    432029804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443422373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.489980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.489980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.489980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 813754.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 883496.531697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881555.413519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 813754.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 883496.531697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881555.413519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 813754.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 883496.531697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881555.413519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          501                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         113402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        44.488819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.595368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.925898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1793.843859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.114710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.875900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   509                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 501                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16912186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    469497064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486409250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16912186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    469497064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      486409250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16912186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    469497064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     486409250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              1010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               1010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              1010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.496040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.496040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.496040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1208013.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 964059.679671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970876.746507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1208013.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 964059.679671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 970876.746507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1208013.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 964059.679671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 970876.746507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15682847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426730936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442413783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15682847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426730936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442413783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15682847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426730936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442413783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1120203.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 876244.221766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883061.443114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1120203.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 876244.221766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883061.443114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1120203.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 876244.221766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883061.443114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.493924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.263546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.054113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   127.898080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1864.196098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.062450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.910252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     240560390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      240560390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     240560390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.495214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          51358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        22.261812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.348182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.042029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   127.862692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1864.242310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.062433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.910275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42688962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    204509125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     247198087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42688962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    204509125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      247198087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42688962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    204509125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     247198087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1856041.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866564.088983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954432.768340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1856041.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866564.088983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954432.768340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1856041.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866564.088983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954432.768340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40669424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    183779474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224448898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40669424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    183779474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224448898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40669424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    183779474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224448898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1768235.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 778726.584746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866598.061776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1768235.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 778726.584746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866598.061776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1768235.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 778726.584746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866598.061776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          694                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2044.608126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          86786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        31.685287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks         107.458418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    11.970436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   295.089952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1630.089320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.005845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.144087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.795942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.998344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            488                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 488                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          423                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   423                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          680                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 693                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16203832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    625190324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     641394156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51220603                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     51220603                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16203832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    676410927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      692614759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16203832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    676410927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     692614759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              1059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          488                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             488                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               1116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              1116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.595602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.600567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.616500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.620968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.616500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.620968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1246448.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1003515.768860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1008481.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 898607.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898607.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1246448.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 994721.951471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 999444.096681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1246448.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 994721.951471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 999444.096681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                376                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     376                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15062432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    570655811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585718243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     46214091                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46214091                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15062432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    616869902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    631932334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15062432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    616869902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    631932334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.595602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.616500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.616500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1158648.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 915980.434992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920940.633648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810773.526316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810773.526316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1158648.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 907161.620588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911879.269841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1158648.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 907161.620588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911879.269841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.121578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.963620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    44.899537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1946.136844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.021924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.950262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81460088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     141786897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81460088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      141786897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81460088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     141786897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895165.802198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1265954.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895165.802198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1265954.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895165.802198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1265954.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58482010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73470003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131952013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58482010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73470003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131952013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58482010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73470003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131952013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784857.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807362.670330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178142.973214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784857.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807362.670330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178142.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784857.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807362.670330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178142.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          502                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         113402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        44.471373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.602767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   236.531620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1792.231460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.115494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.875113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   509                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 502                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     487974548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      487974548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     487974548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              1011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.496538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.496538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.496538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430611623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443721586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430611623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443721586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430611623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443721586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882400.866803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883907.541833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882400.866803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883907.541833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882400.866803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883907.541833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.493499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          51363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        22.263979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.344781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.042320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   128.295328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1863.811069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.062644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.910064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47284959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    193794247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241079206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47284959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    193794247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      241079206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47284959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    193794247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     241079206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.350949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.350949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2055867.782609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 821162.063559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930807.745174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2055867.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 821162.063559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930807.745174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2055867.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 821162.063559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930807.745174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45265559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    173073447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218339006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45265559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    173073447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218339006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45265559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    173073447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218339006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1968067.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 733362.063559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843007.745174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1968067.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 733362.063559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843007.745174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1968067.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 733362.063559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843007.745174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          192                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2046.978652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        53.040179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.978652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.637433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    87.492634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1906.869933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.042721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.931089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76136654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    139700981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     215837635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76136654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    139700981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      215837635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76136654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    139700981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     215837635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.323232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.321608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.321608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2819876.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 846672.612121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1124154.348958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2819876.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 846672.612121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1124154.348958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2819876.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 846672.612121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1124154.348958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 82                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      82                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73764143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125208208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198972351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73764143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125208208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198972351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73764143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125208208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198972351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2732005.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758837.624242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036314.328125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2732005.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758837.624242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036314.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2732005.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758837.624242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036314.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.643094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.892105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.065294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   102.065747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1836.619947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.896787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53739204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    163093800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     216833004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53739204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    163093800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      216833004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53739204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    163093800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     216833004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2149568.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 840689.690722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 990105.041096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2149568.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 840689.690722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 990105.041096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2149568.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 840689.690722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 990105.041096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51543827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146059499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197603326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51543827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146059499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    197603326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51543827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146059499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    197603326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2061753.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 752884.015464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902298.292237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2061753.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 752884.015464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902298.292237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2061753.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 752884.015464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902298.292237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.121547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         132080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.961054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    44.858741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1946.180205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.021904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.950283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   378                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54281557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79361985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     133643542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54281557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79361985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      133643542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54281557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79361985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     133643542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.196121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2584836.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 872109.725275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1193245.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2584836.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 872109.725275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1193245.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2584836.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 872109.725275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1193245.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52437757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71372185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123809942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52437757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71372185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123809942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52437757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71372185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123809942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.196121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2497036.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784309.725275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105445.910714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2497036.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784309.725275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105445.910714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2497036.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784309.725275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105445.910714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          262                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.508714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          51360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.233766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.361543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.189138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   129.318039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1860.639994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.063144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.908516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   476                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 262                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68588196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    206755048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     275343244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68588196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    206755048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      275343244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68588196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    206755048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     275343244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2743527.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872384.168776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1050928.412214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2743527.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872384.168776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1050928.412214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2743527.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872384.168776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1050928.412214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 40                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      40                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66393196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185940338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252333534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66393196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185940338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252333534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66393196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185940338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252333534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2655727.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 784558.388186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963105.091603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2655727.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 784558.388186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963105.091603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2655727.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 784558.388186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963105.091603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.123274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.123274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.985825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    44.921395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1946.092780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.021934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.950241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44763446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77213899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121977345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44763446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77213899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      121977345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44763446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77213899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     121977345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2131592.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848504.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1089083.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2131592.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848504.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1089083.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2131592.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848504.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1089083.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42919116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69222924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112142040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42919116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69222924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112142040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42919116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69222924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112142040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043767.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760691.472527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001268.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043767.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760691.472527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001268.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043767.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760691.472527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001268.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              469.724166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              749898219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1568824.725941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.724166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.023596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       171744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       171744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         171744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       171744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        171744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96813893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96813893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96813893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96813893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96813893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96813893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       171775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       171775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       171775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       171775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       171775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3123028.806452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3123028.806452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3123028.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3123028.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3123028.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3123028.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60809329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60809329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60809329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60809329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60809329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60809329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2643883.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643883.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2643883.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643883.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2643883.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643883.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              108919142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             150440.803867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   137.418227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   118.581773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.536790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.463210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       135787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        99899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       235686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         235686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       235686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        235686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    241670963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241670963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1078811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    242749774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242749774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    242749774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242749774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       136997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        99911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       236908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       236908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 199728.068595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199728.068595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 89900.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89900.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 198649.569558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198649.569558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 198649.569558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198649.569558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107257265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107257265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       208471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107465736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107465736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107465736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107465736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 230660.784946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230660.784946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69490.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69490.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 229627.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229627.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 229627.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229627.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              548.055140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643101441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1169275.347273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.012005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.043135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         161219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        161219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       161253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       161253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150655661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             155475.398349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   161.744347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    94.255653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.631814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.368186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       220725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       270466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         270466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       270466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        270466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1038559434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1038559434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1270049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1270049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1039829483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1039829483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1039829483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1039829483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       223190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       272946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 421322.285598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421322.285598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84669.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84669.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    231882576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231882576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    232074876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232074876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    232074876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232074876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 326595.177465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326595.177465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.604932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              765428026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1374197.533214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.604932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       147128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       147128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         147128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       147128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        147128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13641127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13641127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13641127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13641127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13641127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13641127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       147144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       147144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       147144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       147144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       147144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 852570.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852570.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 852570.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852570.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 852570.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852570.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12738252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12738252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12738252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12738252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12738252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12738252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 909875.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 909875.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 909875.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 909875.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 909875.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 909875.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              287973196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             229643.696970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   103.713009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   152.286991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.405129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.594871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       375394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       205061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       580455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         580455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       580455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        580455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1955670136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1955670136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1955670136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1955670136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1955670136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1955670136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       379065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       205061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       584126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       584126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532734.986652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 532734.986652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532734.986652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 532734.986652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532734.986652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 532734.986652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    513735120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513735120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    513735120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513735120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    513735120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513735120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514764.649299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514764.649299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514764.649299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514764.649299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514764.649299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514764.649299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.594549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765427861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1374197.236984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.594549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       146963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       146963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         146963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       146963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        146963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17915752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17915752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17915752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17915752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17915752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17915752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       146979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       146979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       146979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       146979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       146979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1119734.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1119734.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1119734.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1119734.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1119734.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1119734.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17028726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17028726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17028726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17028726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17028726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17028726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1216337.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216337.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1216337.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216337.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1216337.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216337.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287973813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             230011.032748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   103.614828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   152.385172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.404745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.595255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       375836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       205236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       581072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         581072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       581072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        581072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1936248247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1936248247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1936248247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1936248247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1936248247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1936248247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       379514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       205236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       584750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       584750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 526440.523926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 526440.523926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 526440.523926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 526440.523926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 526440.523926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 526440.523926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    508222872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508222872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    508222872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    508222872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    508222872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    508222872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 510263.927711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510263.927711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 510263.927711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510263.927711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 510263.927711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510263.927711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              548.055094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643101426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1169275.320000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.011872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.043223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         161204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        161204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       161237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       161237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150655626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             155475.362229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   161.726710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    94.273290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.631745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.368255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       220717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       270431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        270431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1033143677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033143677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1267226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1267226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1034410903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1034410903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1034410903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1034410903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       272911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       272911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 419125.223935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419125.223935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84481.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84481.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230741723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230741723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230934023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230934023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230934023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230934023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324988.342254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324988.342254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.043020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              643100799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1169274.180000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.998901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.044119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.036857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       160577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       160577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         160577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       160577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        160577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49797953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49797953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49797953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49797953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49797953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49797953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       160610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       160610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       160610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       160610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       160610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1509028.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1509028.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1509028.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1509028.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1509028.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1509028.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42945455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42945455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42945455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42945455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42945455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42945455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1789393.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789393.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1789393.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789393.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1789393.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789393.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              150654876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             156119.042487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   161.623875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    94.376125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.631343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.368657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       220290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       269681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         269681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       269681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        269681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1064117976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1064117976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1269035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1065387011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1065387011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1065387011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1065387011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       222740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       272146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       272146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 434333.867755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434333.867755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84602.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84602.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 432205.683976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432205.683976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 432205.683976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432205.683976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    237159613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237159613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    237351913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    237351913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    237351913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    237351913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335920.131728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335920.131728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334769.976023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334769.976023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334769.976023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334769.976023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.778196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750133721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1494290.280876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.778196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     22491020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22491020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     22491020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22491020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     22491020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22491020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1124551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1124551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1124551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1124551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1124551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1124551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16317760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16317760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16317760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16317760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16317760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16317760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1255212.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1255212.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1255212.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1255212.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1255212.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1255212.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              125036945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             92142.184967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   190.385368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    65.614632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.743693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.256307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        95075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        76929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       172004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         172004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       172004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        172004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1594986346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1594986346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    415811702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    415811702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2010798048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2010798048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2010798048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2010798048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        77416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       175076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       175076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.026469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 617015.994584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 617015.994584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 853822.796715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853822.796715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 654556.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 654556.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 654556.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 654556.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    658793726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658793726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51693703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51693703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    710487429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    710487429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    710487429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    710487429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 629821.917782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629821.917782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 906907.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906907.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 644140.914778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 644140.914778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 644140.914778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 644140.914778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              469.727513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749898266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1568824.824268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.727513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.023602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         171791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        171791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       171822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       171822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              108919197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             150440.879834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   137.482853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   118.517147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.537042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.462958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        99923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       235741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         235741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       235741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        235741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    242687815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242687815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1077119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    243764934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243764934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    243764934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243764934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       137028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        99935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       236963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       236963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 200568.442149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200568.442149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89759.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89759.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 199480.306056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199480.306056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 199480.306056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199480.306056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106520320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106520320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       208330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106728650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106728650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106728650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106728650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 229075.956989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229075.956989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69443.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69443.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 228052.670940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228052.670940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 228052.670940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228052.670940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.601944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              765428004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1374197.493716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.601944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         147106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        147106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       147122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       147122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              287973192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             229826.968875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   103.695727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   152.304273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.405061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.594939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       375375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       580451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         580451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       580451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        580451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       379044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       205076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       584120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       584120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              548.043300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643102012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1169276.385455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.999520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.043780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.036858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       161790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       161790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         161790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       161790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        161790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57321725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57321725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57321725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57321725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57321725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57321725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       161828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       161828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       161828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       161828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       161828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1508466.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1508466.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1508466.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1508466.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1508466.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1508466.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47541811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47541811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47541811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47541811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47541811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47541811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980908.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980908.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980908.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980908.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980908.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980908.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150656415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             155315.891753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   161.657782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    94.342218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.631476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.368524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        221140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        50080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        50080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       271220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         271220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       271220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        271220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    998569236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    998569236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1268429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999837665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    999837665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999837665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    999837665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       223609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       273704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       273704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       273704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       273704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 404442.784933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 404442.784933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84561.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84561.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 402511.137279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 402511.137279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 402511.137279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 402511.137279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    226777507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226777507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    226969807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226969807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    226969807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226969807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 318955.706048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318955.706048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 317884.883754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317884.883754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 317884.883754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317884.883754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              500.163085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              746444502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1481040.678571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.163085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       164826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       164826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         164826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       164826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        164826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85924096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85924096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85924096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85924096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85924096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85924096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       164868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       164868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       164868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       164868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       164868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2045811.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2045811.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2045811.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2045811.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2045811.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2045811.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       293297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       293297                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76492299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76492299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76492299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76492299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76492299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76492299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2637665.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2637665.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2637665.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2637665.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2637665.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2637665.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              112807195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             136901.935680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   169.892482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    86.107518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.663643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.336357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       111769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        93412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       205181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         205181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       205181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        205181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    590073036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    590073036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1202760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1202760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    591275796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    591275796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    591275796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    591275796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       113621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        93427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       207048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       207048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 318613.950324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 318613.950324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        80184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        80184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 316698.337440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 316698.337440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 316698.337440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 316698.337440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    167077536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167077536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    167269836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167269836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    167269836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167269836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 295712.453097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295712.453097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 294489.147887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294489.147887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 294489.147887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294489.147887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              496.085720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              747005894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1470484.043307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.085720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.022573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       161282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       161282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         161282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       161282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        161282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80895816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80895816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80895816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80895816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80895816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80895816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       161326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       161326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       161326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       161326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       161326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838541.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1838541.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838541.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1838541.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838541.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1838541.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54021040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54021040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54021040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54021040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54021040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54021040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2077732.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2077732.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2077732.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2077732.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2077732.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2077732.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              117758891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             127032.244876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   178.257455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    77.742545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.696318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.303682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       111824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        93756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       205580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         205580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       205580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        205580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    819269330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    819269330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104090912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    104090912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    923360242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    923360242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    923360242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    923360242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       114094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        93918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       208012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       208012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       208012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       208012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 360911.599119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 360911.599119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 642536.493827                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642536.493827                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 379671.152138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 379671.152138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 379671.152138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 379671.152138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2507081                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 626770.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    195798545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195798545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    195990845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195990845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    195990845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195990845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293111.594311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293111.594311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 292087.697466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292087.697466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 292087.697466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292087.697466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              469.723852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749898166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1568824.615063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.723852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.023596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       171691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       171691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         171691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       171691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        171691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86416504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86416504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86416504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86416504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86416504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86416504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       171722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       171722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       171722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       171722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       171722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2787629.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2787629.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2787629.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2787629.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2787629.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2787629.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54586941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54586941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54586941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54586941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54586941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54586941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2373345.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2373345.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2373345.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2373345.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2373345.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2373345.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              108919063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             150648.773167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   137.373812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   118.626188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.536616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.463384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         235607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        235607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    244073563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244073563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1078235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    245151798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245151798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    245151798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245151798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       136949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        99876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       236825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       236825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 202382.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202382.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89852.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89852.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 201274.054187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 201274.054187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 201274.054187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 201274.054187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104357055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104357055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       208423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104565478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104565478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104565478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104565478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 224907.446121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224907.446121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69474.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69474.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223908.946467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223908.946467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223908.946467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223908.946467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.191519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              643101624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1165039.173913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.146531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.044988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         161402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        161402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75792157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75792157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75792157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75792157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75792157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75792157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       161438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       161438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2105337.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2105337.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2105337.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2105337.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2105337.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2105337.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68861149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68861149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68861149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68861149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68861149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68861149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2648505.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648505.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2648505.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648505.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2648505.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648505.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              150656210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             155636.580579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   161.455438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    94.544562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.630685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.369315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       220919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        50096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        50096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       271015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         271015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       271015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        271015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1043167014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1043167014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1265156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1265156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1044432170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1044432170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1044432170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1044432170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       223380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       273491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       273491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       273491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       273491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 423879.323039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423879.323039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84343.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84343.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421822.362682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421822.362682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421822.362682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421822.362682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    239566126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    239566126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    239758426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    239758426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    239758426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    239758426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337892.984485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337892.984485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336739.362360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336739.362360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336739.362360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336739.362360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              469.751904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              749898622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1568825.569038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.751904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.023641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        172147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         172147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        172147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71652230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71652230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71652230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71652230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71652230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71652230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       172179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       172179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2239132.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2239132.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2239132.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2239132.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2239132.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2239132.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45067598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45067598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45067598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45067598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45067598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45067598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1959460.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959460.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1959460.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959460.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1959460.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959460.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108919675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             150441.540055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   137.439620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   118.560380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.536874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.463126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       136097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        136097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       100122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       100122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       236219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         236219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       236219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        236219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234731265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234731265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1077851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    235809116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235809116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    235809116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235809116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       137307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       100134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       237441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       237441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 193992.780992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193992.780992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89820.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89820.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 192969.816694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192969.816694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 192969.816694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192969.816694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102273799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102273799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       208391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102482190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102482190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102482190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102482190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219943.653763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219943.653763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69463.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69463.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218979.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218979.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218979.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218979.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
