
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 373329                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   480436                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267955                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67759052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41315.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15424258457                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19849429342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       155392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       232832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       232960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       255744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       477696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       377344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       256512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3865088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1114624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1114624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14036356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10590858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21031409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21042971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23101020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13990107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10590858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     43149653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       335300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23158831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       346862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23228203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34084989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23170393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               349128332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       335300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       346862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6532571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100682525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100682525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100682525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14036356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10590858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21031409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21042971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23101020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13990107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10590858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     43149653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       335300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23158831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       346862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23228203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34084989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23170393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              449810857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692051                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846733     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172552                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502472                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89318                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427342                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446364                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561115     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374239      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106172      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476092      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595596      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561112      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800296     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540619     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427342                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339907                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968155                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508572                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617206                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540417                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657102                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153178                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464055                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552775     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580005      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734732      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199937      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822247      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62877      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45961      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116160      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116160                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512817                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998391                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312939                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2054849                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1681197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807154                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19769776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11492382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2054849                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1018367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2396963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        554191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1067265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1211280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202513                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23583166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21186203     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         111062      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         176925      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         239331      1.01%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         247177      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         209245      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         117325      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         174793      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1121105      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23583166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19565782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1273277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2392293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2879                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       338174                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14101080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19619827                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        186329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       961855                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2341754                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       124466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14095351                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        18293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        53435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19663423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65569106                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65569106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17008831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2654584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          370468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       713792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       230042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14077871                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13352862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1585358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3807226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23583166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17888561     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2376517     10.08%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192863      5.06%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       872039      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689584      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282115      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176835      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92635      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12017      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23583166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2782     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8518     38.10%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11055     49.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11231528     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199430      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1672      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208777      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711455      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13352862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50313262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15666753                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13151848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13375217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        155981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12618                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14081357                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10696                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114515                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       231289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13168581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137573                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1848966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1870240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           711393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.496022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13151971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13151848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7550093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20353913                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.495391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370941                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9915320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12200384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880978                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       204756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23234234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18190155     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2519799     10.85%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933525      4.02%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445735      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399678      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216873      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174299      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85901      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268269      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23234234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9915320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12200384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1807934                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1104983                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1759275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10992362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       251185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       268269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37047249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28511675                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                301550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2965228                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9915320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12200384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9915320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.677513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.677513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373481                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373481                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59262456                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18320298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13069355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2296555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912097                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869135                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9776                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19967407                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12600301                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2296555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1083084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2624686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        589426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1875615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1242243                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24846022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22221336     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         160109      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         201463      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         323006      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         136194      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         173170      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         203189      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          93460      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1334095      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24846022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.474616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19850798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2005563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2612080                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       376281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       349387                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15403093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       376281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19871441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         64926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1884012                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2592672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        56683                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15307871                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21378258                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     71178701                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     71178701                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17832708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3545546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          199952                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       748493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       170489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14942033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14317259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846656                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24846022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18781070     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765610     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130445      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633627      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858841      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265889      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259849      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139553      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11138      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24846022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98958     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13618     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12795     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12060970     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195371      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313295      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745854      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14317259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.539289                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125371                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53621283                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16792454                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13940422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14442630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       376281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         49457                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14945718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124154                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       243359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14065290                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290775                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2036502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1988096                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           745727                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13940537                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13940422                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8350817                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        22440956                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.525095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10374984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12784470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       212503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24469741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19056844     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744136     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996387      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496088      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453214      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190247      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188925      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89545      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254355      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24469741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10374984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12784470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1895836                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1159135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1852932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11510373                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       264041                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       254355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           39161078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30267842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                305720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1702372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10374984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12784470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10374984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.558885                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.558885                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390795                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390795                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63283367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19480334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14241150                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2050383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1677545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841386                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         210724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19724701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11467320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2050383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1015927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2391682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        553110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1116647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1208565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202061                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23582280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21190598     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         110802      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         176470      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         238864      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         246631      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         208840      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         116879      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         174350      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1118846      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23582280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077232                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431940                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19521967                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1322117                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2387014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2880                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       348299                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       337439                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14070488                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       348299                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19575878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        192228                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1005206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2336614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14064732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19620935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65426564                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65426564                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16970011                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2650916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          369589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1318026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       712167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       229637                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14047302                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3454                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13323304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1583075                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3801954                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23582280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17900300     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2371052     10.05%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1190376      5.05%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       870250      3.69%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687988      2.92%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281457      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176464      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92415      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11978      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23582280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2769     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8499     38.11%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11035     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11206686     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198988      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206125      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709837      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13323304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.501850                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50253206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15633895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13122581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13345607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10826                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       348299                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        161981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14050782                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1318026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10686                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       230799                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13139257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1135017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1844791                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1866123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           709774                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.494917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13122705                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13122581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7533515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20309026                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.494289                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9892671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12172532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1878255                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       204308                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23233981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18201353     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2514098     10.82%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931352      4.01%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444824      1.91%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398755      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216362      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173883      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85702      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267652      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23233981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9892671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12172532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1803804                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1102463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1755280                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10967246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       250612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       267652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37017038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28449891                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                300829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2966114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9892671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12172532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9892671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.683643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.683643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.372628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.372628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59130217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18279735                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13040753                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1940920                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591867                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192595                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       793650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         754994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198279                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8456                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18536665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11041909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1940920                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       953273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2426708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        549466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1909448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1144284                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23226390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20799682     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         262644      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         303830      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         166462      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         191635      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         105947      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          72532      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         187609      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1136049      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23226390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073109                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18384825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2064596                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2406599                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        18796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       314476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1998                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13477209                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10497                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18414426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        513441                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1469023                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2396558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        81368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13467852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        38314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18716010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     62706983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     62706983                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15937722                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2778283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          223487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1289042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       699774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18414                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       155619                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13444900                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12690068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1711039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3969401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          487                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23226390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17881110     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2148562      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1154534      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       801919      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698782      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356820      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87076      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55699      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41888      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23226390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3178     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12385     44.25%     55.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12428     44.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10621369     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198530      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1551      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174049      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694569      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12690068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477998                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48652567                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15159687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12476311                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12718059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          211                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        469130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12796                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13448539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1289042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       219860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12501381                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1796860                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1748052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           694373                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.470890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12476547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12476311                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7417266                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19433908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.469946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9359756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11482287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1966404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       193605                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22874819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18183381     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2175840      9.51%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       912553      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547100      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378793      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       244884      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127665      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102365      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202238      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22874819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9359756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11482287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1739288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1056006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1643106                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10351785                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       233507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       202238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36121207                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27248972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                286572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3322004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9359756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11482287                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9359756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.836441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.836441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.352555                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.352555                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56388093                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17317775                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12576793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1943079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       797716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198547                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8518                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18571149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11054570                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1943079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       955182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2429737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        547477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1877958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1145639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23230695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20800958     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         262651      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         305213      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         166921      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         191740      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         106120      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          72548      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         187750      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1136794      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23230695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.416393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18418725                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2033558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2409609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        18944                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       349856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       314996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1995                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13490248                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10473                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       349856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18448256                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        497014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1454740                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2399856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        80970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13481028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        19576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        38165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18736910                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     62769833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     62769833                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15975863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2761047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3608                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2046                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          221794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1287521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       700779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       155600                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13458540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12710012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1696207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3928640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23230695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17875967     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2153482      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1156062      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       803046      3.46%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700566      3.02%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356449      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87221      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55783      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42119      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23230695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3158     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11864     43.17%     54.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12459     45.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10639204     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198943      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1555      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174759      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695551      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12710012                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.478749                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27481                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48695438                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15158495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12498710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12737493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31923                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15811                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          778                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          172                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       349856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        451526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13462180                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1287521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2050                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9217                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       219404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12522288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1799286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1751480                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           695334                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.471678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12498947                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12498710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7429392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19460204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.470790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9382256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11509907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1952424                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3138                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       193373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22880839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18178142     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2180195      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914776      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       549416      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379692      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246010      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127612      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102546      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202450      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22880839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9382256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11509907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1743535                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1058567                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1647043                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10376716                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       234078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       202450                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36140655                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27274530                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                286343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3317699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9382256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11509907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9382256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.829639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.829639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.353402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.353402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       56488571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17347845                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12592816                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3134                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1783594                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141586                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1224806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1195926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19031505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10148926                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1783594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1296923                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2266286                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        470330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       807609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1151147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22433392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20167106     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         356541      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         167383      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         352505      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         101892      0.45%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         328641      1.46%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          48167      0.21%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          76395      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         834762      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22433392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067183                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.382280                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18804700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1038938                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2261640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1897                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       326213                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       158838                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1779                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     11281064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4374                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       326213                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18830337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        753953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       206224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2237211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        79450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     11262502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        63955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     14683947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     50923531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     50923531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     11858914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2824993                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1430                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          170305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2102543                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       311800                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1914                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        70780                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         11205013                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1435                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        10477767                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2061668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4228124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22433392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17828982     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1417465      6.32%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1588074      7.08%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901851      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       449721      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112086      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129687      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3043      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2483      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22433392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16614     56.54%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7163     24.38%     80.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5607     19.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8172122     77.99%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77592      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          704      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1918652     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308697      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     10477767                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.394667                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29384                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002804                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43425193                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13268147                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10211129                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     10507151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7731                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       433486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7999                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       326213                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        653103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11206455                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2102543                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311800                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          726                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3823                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          268                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        95654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53908                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       149562                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10350379                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1892487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2201154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1580342                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           308667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.389868                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             10213739                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            10211129                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6195708                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13207733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.384623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.469097                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8163903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9130388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2076539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       140536                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22107179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18739700     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1302006      5.89%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       857814      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       265185      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453970      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84176      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53151      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47883      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303294      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22107179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8163903                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9130388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1972848                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1669047                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1407179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         7959798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       108179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       303294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33010786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          22740371                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                431670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4115002                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8163903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9130388                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8163903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.251924                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.251924                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.307510                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.307510                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       48217384                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      13240430                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12090889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2052509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19745141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11478131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2052509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1016896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2394079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        553179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1092645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1209853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23580981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21186902     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         110798      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         176420      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         239593      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         246896      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         209462      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         116593      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         174568      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1119749      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23580981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19542337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1298083                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2389503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       337948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14084163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19596037                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        184795                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       988868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2339279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       123798                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14078566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        53107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19641860                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     65490700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     65490700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16990704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2651151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          368699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       713081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       229946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14060968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339273                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1996                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1579786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3794016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23580981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17892213     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2373547     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192362      5.06%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871349      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688390      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281769      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176913      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92432      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12006      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23580981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2759     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8521     38.18%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11039     49.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11219853     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199227      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207775      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710748      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339273                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.502451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50283842                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15644276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13137480                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13361592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        154356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12616                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14064446                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       231047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13154073                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136149                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1846830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1868738                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           710681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.495475                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13137606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13137480                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7542262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20330310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.494850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9904740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12187361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1877093                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       204472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23232780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18193661     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517536     10.84%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932696      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445523      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398792      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216458      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174387      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85732      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267995      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23232780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9904740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12187361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1805987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1103798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1757417                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10980602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       250913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       267995                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37029161                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28477129                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                301197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2967413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9904740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12187361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9904740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.680373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.680373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.373082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.373082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59195249                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18301269                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13053366                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2296798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210961                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869240                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19969363                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12601606                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2296798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1083201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2624964                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        589496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1873030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1242371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24845722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       22220758     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         160129      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         201489      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         323035      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         136206      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         173189      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         203210      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          93469      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1334237      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24845722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.474665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19852778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2002961                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2612359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       376325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       349422                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15404730                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       376325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19873422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         64866                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1881479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2592948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        56675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15309487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21380515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     71186269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     71186269                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17834532                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3545973                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          199964                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       748565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       170501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14943592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14318765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15367                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846871                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3784204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24845722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18780193     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765838     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130574      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633697      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858885      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265918      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259902      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139574      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11141      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24845722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98972     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13619     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12800     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12062232     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195387      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313450      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745927      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14318765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.539346                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125391                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53624009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16794228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13941869                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14444156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10640                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       376325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         49409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14947277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119223                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       243389                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14066767                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290934                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2036734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1988305                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           745800                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13941984                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13941869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8351715                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22443455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.525149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10376049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12785783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161545                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       212529                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24469397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19055974     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744388     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996495      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496131      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453257      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190268      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188938      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89552      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254394      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24469397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10376049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12785783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1896044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1159265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1853126                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11511541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       264062                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       254394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           39162253                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30271003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                305761                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1702672                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10376049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12785783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10376049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.558623                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.558623                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63290014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19482369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14242621                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1768285                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1595274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94468                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18732847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11106253                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1768285                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       727452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2196307                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        299112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2911396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1076515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24042842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.541964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21846535     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          78038      0.32%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         161109      0.67%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          67996      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         363649      1.51%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         325377      1.35%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          62429      0.26%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         131617      0.55%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1006092      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24042842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18523470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      3122257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2187951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       202058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       155302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          234                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13021639                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1429                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       202058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18549898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2908111                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       126373                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2172073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        84323                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13013714                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        43204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        27984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          648                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15287290                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     61280162                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     61280162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     13509585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1777692                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          827                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          198129                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3066108                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1549116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        75999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12986649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1577                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12463152                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7686                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1036401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2507006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24042842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561047     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371328      5.70%     87.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108113      4.61%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       478666      1.99%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       598541      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       562790      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320869      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25632      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15856      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24042842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31444     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238294     86.10%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7012      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7823145     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108713      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2985723     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1544825     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12463152                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.469450                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276750                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022205                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49253581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14024993                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12354461                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12739902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10651                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       202058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2840835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12988237                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3066108                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1549116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          826                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       110721                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12374855                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2976038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            4520673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1621684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1544635                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.466124                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12354887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12354461                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6677379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13196550                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.465356                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10027211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11783464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1206258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        96317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23840784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19546971     81.99%     81.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1583836      6.64%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       735792      3.09%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       723157      3.03%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200565      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       824889      3.46%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63380      0.27%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45964      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116230      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23840784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10027211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11783464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4480733                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             2942268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1556215                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10478160                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       114118                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       116230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36714250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26181544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                402088                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2505552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10027211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11783464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10027211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.647635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.647635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.377696                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.377696                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       61165764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14352629                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15493052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2050149                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1677338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       840849                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805171                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         210668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19728365                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11465931                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2050149                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1015839                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2391449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        553537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1090070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1208831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202223                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23559350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21167901     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         110783      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         176367      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         238946      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         246694      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         208633      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         116887      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         174563      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1118576      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23559350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077223                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431888                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19525691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1295450                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2386769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2884                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       348553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       337415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14069097                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       348553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19579569                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        192582                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       978180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2336416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       124047                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14063397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        18173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        53281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19618680                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     65421024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     65421024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16967284                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2651396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          369574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1317963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       712114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       229645                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14046085                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13322276                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2001                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1583596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3802012                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23559350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17877796     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2370980     10.06%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1190132      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       870277      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687764      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281550      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176493      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92427      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11931      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23559350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2767     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8507     38.15%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11026     49.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11205951     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198934      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1205945      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709778      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13322276                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.501811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22300                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50228203                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15633197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13121396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13344576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26838                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       348553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        162227                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12600                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14049564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1317963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10662                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       230965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13138000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1134700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1844411                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1865852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           709711                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.494870                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13121518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13121396                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7532481                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20307512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.494244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9891132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12170637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1878937                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       204482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23210797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18178857     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2513836     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931283      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444621      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398673      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216353      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173873      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85731      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267570      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23210797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9891132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12170637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1803536                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1102291                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1754997                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10965556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       250577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       267570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36992723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28447712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                301007                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2989044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9891132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12170637                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9891132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.684060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.684060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.372570                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.372570                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59124435                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18277773                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13039098                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1785082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141876                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1226459                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1197942                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100924                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19049533                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10157046                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1785082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1298866                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2268179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        471055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       804267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1152396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138898                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22450405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20182226     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         356420      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         167774      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         352876      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         102445      0.46%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         328990      1.47%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          48366      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          76652      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         834656      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22450405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067239                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.382586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18823733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1034614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2263583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1819                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       326652                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       158768                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1774                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     11288895                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       326652                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18849318                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        752963                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       203512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2239094                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        78862                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     11270254                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        63565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     14693527                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     50959197                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     50959197                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     11864865                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2828594                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1426                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          169254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2104895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       311617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1913                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        70765                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11212407                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1431                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10484775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2063963                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4233874                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22450405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17843198     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1417720      6.31%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1589847      7.08%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902609      4.02%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       449203      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112321      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129951      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3037      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2519      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22450405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16606     56.55%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7153     24.36%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5606     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8176979     77.99%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77602      0.74%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          704      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1920974     18.32%     97.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308516      2.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10484775                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.394931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29365                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43456220                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13277831                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10217145                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10514140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7631                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434334                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7814                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       326652                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        652736                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11213848                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2104895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          271                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96247                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       149904                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10356671                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1894261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2202747                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1581259                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           308486                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.390105                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10219757                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10217145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6199238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13215771                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.384850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.469079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8168934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9135419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2078881                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       140832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22123753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18755026     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1301645      5.88%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       859064      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       265055      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       454242      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84070      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53096      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47853      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303702      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22123753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8168934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9135419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1974346                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1670543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1408004                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         7964006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       108180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       303702                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33034325                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          22755583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                432172                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               4097989                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8168934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9135419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8168934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.249921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.249921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.307700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.307700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       48248085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      13248034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12100318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548346                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1791576                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1609960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142546                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1229584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1201110                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4160                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19118922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10196462                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1791576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1302726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2276744                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        473414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       800712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1156608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139508                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22526489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20249745     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         357653      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         168456      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         353590      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         102815      0.46%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         329901      1.46%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          48404      0.21%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          77152      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         838773      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22526489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067484                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.384071                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18892700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1031535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2272119                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       328325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       159730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1786                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     11336008                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4363                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       328325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18918345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        746391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       206681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2247510                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        79233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     11317136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        63782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     14755674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     51176763                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     51176763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     11913558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2841974                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          734                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          170426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2111718                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       313598                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1867                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        69974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         11259318                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1446                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        10528008                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6768                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2074912                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4257183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22526489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17900905     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425145      6.33%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593561      7.07%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       905277      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       452153      2.01%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       113477      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130398      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3059      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2514      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22526489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16585     56.33%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7204     24.47%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5655     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8211966     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        78118      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          709      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1926761     18.30%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       310454      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     10528008                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.396560                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29444                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43618717                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13335708                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10258907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     10557452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       436756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7971                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       328325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        646063                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11260772                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2111718                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       313598                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          732                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3815                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          277                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54040                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       150507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10399110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1899733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2210157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1587158                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           310424                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.391705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             10261551                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            10258907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6224202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13280821                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.386424                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.468661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8199055                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      9171230                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2089983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1430                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       141495                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22198164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18814859     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1308098      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       862248      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266349      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455894      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84897      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53429      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48166      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304224      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22198164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8199055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      9171230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1980572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1674953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1413260                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         7995941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       108811                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       304224                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33155127                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          22851121                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                433649                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4021857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8199055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             9171230                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8199055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.237976                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.237976                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.308835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.308835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       48441189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      13303624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12145831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1428                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26547892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1867451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527147                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183502                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       767475                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733856                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8141                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18096250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10595815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1867451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       925098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2218758                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        536025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       877300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1114316                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     21540760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19322002     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         120091      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         188771      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         301965      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         125723      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         140098      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         149053      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          97720      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1095337      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     21540760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070343                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.399121                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17923476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1051840                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2211484                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         5780                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       348177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       306022                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12936864                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       348177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17951904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        244031                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       724363                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2189369                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        82913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12926960                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         3429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        30916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6530                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17940199                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     60130148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     60130148                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15273463                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2666528                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1835                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          244162                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1233756                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       662622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19521                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       150183                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12905993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12203129                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1657128                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3704866                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          344                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21540760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16396338     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2064822      9.59%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1128986      5.24%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       768494      3.57%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       720271      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       207195      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162276      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54886      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37492      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21540760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2889     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8897     39.05%     51.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11000     48.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10221984     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193027      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1476      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1128456      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       658186      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12203129                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.459665                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45985745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14566595                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12004594                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12225915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       225504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21728                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          787                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       348177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        177356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10845                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12909340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1233756                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7940                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105581                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       211779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12027949                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1061362                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1719214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1692560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           657852                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.453066                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12004798                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12004594                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7019251                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18339023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.452186                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8972224                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     10997644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1911594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       187187                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21192583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16726130     78.92%     78.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2163696     10.21%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       843265      3.98%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       452487      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339333      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189617      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117760      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104380      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255915      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21192583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8972224                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     10997644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1649123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1008234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1578601                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9909761                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       223415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       255915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33845841                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          26166876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                295147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               5007132                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8972224                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            10997644                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8972224                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.958898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.958898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.337964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.337964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       54237169                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16637492                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12066249                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         2974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2296095                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210896                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836220                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246636                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9770                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19962846                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12597700                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2296095                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1082856                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2624144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        589317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1877656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1241965                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201594                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24842894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22218750     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         160066      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         201427      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         322932      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         136167      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         173135      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         203153      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          93432      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1333832      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24842894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.474518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19846306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2007537                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2611538                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       376212                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       349301                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15399965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       376212                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19866943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         64876                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1886047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2592136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        56673                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15304767                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         8158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        39340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21373930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     71164403                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     71164403                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17829003                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3544927                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          199915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436135                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       748327                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       170470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14938998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14314335                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15359                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24842894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18779283     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2764933     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130234      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633483      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858626      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265845      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259810      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139544      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11136      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24842894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98945     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13610     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12794     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12058490     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195353      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313034      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745690      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14314335                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.539179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125349                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53612272                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16789098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13937565                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14439684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277227                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11781                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       376212                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         49409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14942679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436135                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748327                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       243316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14062415                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290530                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2036093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1987690                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           745563                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.529690                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13937680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13937565                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8349148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        22436641                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.524987                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10372801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12781836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2160904                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       212463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24466682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19054976     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2743493     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996200      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495968      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453095      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190217      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188881      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89528      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254324      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24466682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10372801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12781836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1895454                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1158908                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1852564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11507975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       263983                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       254324                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           39155020                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          30261704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                305640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1705500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10372801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12781836                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10372801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.559424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.559424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       63270443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      19476352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14238188                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1788938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141953                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1229529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1200033                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4184                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19084592                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10179246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1788938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1301335                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2273137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        471387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       790453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1154315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22476940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20203803     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         357625      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         168254      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         353402      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         102002      0.45%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         329585      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          48484      0.22%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          76829      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         836956      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22476940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.383422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18858778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1020912                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2268502                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       326885                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       159237                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1787                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     11314128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       326885                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18884410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        737104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       205475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2244004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        79058                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     11295640                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        63645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     14728334                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     51073714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     51073714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     11897068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2831266                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          169923                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2107425                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       312667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        71003                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         11237656                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1443                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        10510113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2065274                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4229953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22476940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17858663     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1421251      6.32%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593468      7.09%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904769      4.03%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450140      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112914      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130167      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3057      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2511      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22476940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16668     56.61%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7145     24.27%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5630     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8197798     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77914      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1923957     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309737      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     10510113                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.395885                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43533472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13304406                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10242859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     10539556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7902                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       433573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7769                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       326885                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        636764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9482                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11239110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2107425                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          730                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3836                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          269                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53780                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       149949                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10382009                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1897371                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2207078                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1584933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           309707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.391060                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             10245382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            10242859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6215393                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        13252924                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.385818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.468983                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8189413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9159306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2080327                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       140905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22150055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18772136     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1305588      5.89%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860797      3.89%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266199      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455413      2.06%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84430      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53159      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47893      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304440      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22150055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8189413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9159306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1978750                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1673852                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1411542                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         7985180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       108556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       304440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33085222                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          22806426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                432644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4071454                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8189413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9159306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8189413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.241794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.241794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.308471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.308471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       48365207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      13282315                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12126817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609126164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3675992664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612155975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679022475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612155975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679022475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974386.113391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984201.516466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974414.884003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984222.170947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974414.884003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984222.170947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283878668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348023368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286645079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350789779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286645079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350789779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886576.314255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896391.798661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886605.092797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896412.460942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886605.092797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896412.460942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1256                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.422257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        46.798001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.433591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   584.907997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1404.984500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.014860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.285600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.686028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2951                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1256                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1052824085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1052824085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1052824085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                533                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     533                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862758476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941369495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862758476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    941369495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862758476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    941369495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710674.197694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750095.215139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710674.197694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750095.215139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710674.197694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750095.215139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.422353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         177772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        59.237587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.442619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   449.486701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1527.269629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.015353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.219476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.745737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105838494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    744006002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     849844496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105838494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    744006002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      849844496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105838494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    744006002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     849844496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              3796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               3814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              3814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2860499.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 812233.626638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891757.078699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2860499.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 812233.626638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891757.078699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2860499.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 812233.626638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891757.078699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102589894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    663581202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    766171096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102589894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    663581202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    766171096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102589894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    663581202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    766171096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2772699.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724433.626638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803957.078699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2772699.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724433.626638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803957.078699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2772699.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724433.626638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803957.078699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.425131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         154516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        46.837223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.101385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.445610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   583.573154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1406.304982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.284948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.686672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2940                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2942                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103466069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    995788403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1099254472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103466069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    995788403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1099254472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103466069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    995788403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1099254472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2523562.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 821607.593234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877298.062251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2523562.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 821607.593234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877298.062251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2523562.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 821607.593234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877298.062251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99865489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    888840661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988706150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99865489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    888840661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988706150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99865489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    888840661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988706150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2435743.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 733972.469860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789701.397764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2435743.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 733972.469860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789701.397764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2435743.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 733972.469860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789701.397764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1855                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.513438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         177497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        45.477069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.636720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.947264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   835.605424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1138.324030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.408010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.555822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3369                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545264223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1620381140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545264223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1620381140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545264223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1620381140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849513.041781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873991.984898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849513.041781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873991.984898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849513.041781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873991.984898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385529189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457573106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385529189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457573106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385529189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457573106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761698.289720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786177.511327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761698.289720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786177.511327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761698.289720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786177.511327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1854                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.516752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         177508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        45.491543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          49.721722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.461449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   836.829190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1138.504391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.408608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.555910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3374                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61044755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1528060225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1589104980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61044755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1528060225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1589104980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61044755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1528060225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1589104980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1795433.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839593.530220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857122.427184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1795433.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839593.530220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857122.427184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1795433.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839593.530220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857122.427184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58059555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1368264225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426323780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58059555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1368264225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426323780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58059555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1368264225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426323780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707633.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 751793.530220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769322.427184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707633.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 751793.530220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769322.427184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707633.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 751793.530220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769322.427184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2030                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.804774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         114942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        28.185875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.802057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.881607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   927.185943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1071.935167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.452728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.523406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3266                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3267                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2030                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64552356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1591524170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1656076526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64552356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1591524170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1656076526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64552356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1591524170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1656076526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2017261.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 796558.643644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815801.244335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2017261.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 796558.643644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815801.244335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2017261.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 796558.643644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815801.244335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                290                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     290                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61742756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1416032633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1477775389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61742756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1416032633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1477775389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61742756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1416032633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1477775389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1929461.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 708725.041542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727968.171921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1929461.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 708725.041542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727968.171921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1929461.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 708725.041542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727968.171921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1252                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.420738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.852941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.453016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   583.823241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1406.047578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.285070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.686547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2944                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84482075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    983666087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1068148162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84482075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    983666087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1068148162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84482075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    983666087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1068148162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112051.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812275.876961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853835.461231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112051.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812275.876961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853835.461231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112051.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812275.876961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853835.461231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80969109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876789764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    957758873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80969109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876789764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957758873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80969109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876789764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957758873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024227.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724619.639669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766207.098400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024227.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724619.639669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766207.098400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024227.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724619.639669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766207.098400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.420968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         177772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        59.237587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.222212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.440817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   449.188162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1527.569777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.015352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.219330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.745884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    736701480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     846340433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    736701480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      846340433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    736701480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     846340433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              3796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               3814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              3814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 804259.257642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888080.202518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 804259.257642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888080.202518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 804259.257642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888080.202518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    656267199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    762657241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    656267199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    762657241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    656267199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    762657241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 716448.907205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800269.927597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 716448.907205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800269.927597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 716448.907205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800269.927597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3764                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.932645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         151665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        26.095148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.277638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.128225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1276.224696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         754.302087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.623157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.368312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1227                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1227                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3668                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3764                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57504852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3557337173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3614842025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4293389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4293389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57504852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3561630562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3619135414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57504852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3561630562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3619135414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.506464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.506459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.506459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797026.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 953965.452668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961138.533635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1431129.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431129.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797026.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 954349.025188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961513.128055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797026.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 954349.025188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961513.128055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                669                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     669                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54687752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3228632964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3283320716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4029239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4029239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54687752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3232662203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3287349955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54687752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3232662203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3287349955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708992.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 865817.367659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872991.416113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1343079.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1343079.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708992.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 866201.019025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873366.087938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708992.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 866201.019025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873366.087938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.424638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         154516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        46.837223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.100411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.447847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   583.737762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1406.138618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.014867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.285028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.686591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  2924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   2942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2940                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  2942                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90028209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    998673841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1088702050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90028209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    998673841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1088702050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90028209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    998673841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1088702050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2195809.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 823988.317657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868876.336792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2195809.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 823988.317657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868876.336792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2195809.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 823988.317657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868876.336792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86428409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    891747241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    978175650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86428409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    891747241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    978175650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86428409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    891747241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    978175650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.292937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2108009.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 736372.618497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781290.455272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2108009.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 736372.618497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781290.455272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2108009.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 736372.618497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781290.455272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2032                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.808531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         114938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        28.171078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.805810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.129534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   927.819340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1072.053846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.008852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.453037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.523464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3263                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3264                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2033                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55160924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1596895990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652056914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55160924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1596895990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1652056914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55160924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1596895990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1652056914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.384237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1902100.827586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796854.286427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812620.223315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1902100.827586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796854.286427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812620.223315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1902100.827586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796854.286427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812620.223315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                290                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     290                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52614724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1420989217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473603941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52614724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1420989217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473603941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52614724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1420989217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473603941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1814300.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709076.455589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724842.076242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1814300.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709076.455589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724842.076242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1814300.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709076.455589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724842.076242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2039                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.806480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         114950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        28.125765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.803759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.785184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   931.652021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1067.565516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.454908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.521272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            589                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 589                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3272                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3273                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2039                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64352733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1561170235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1625522968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64352733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1561170235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1625522968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64352733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1561170235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1625522968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.384282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2145091.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777088.220508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797215.776361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2145091.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777088.220508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 797215.776361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2145091.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777088.220508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 797215.776361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                294                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     294                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61718733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1384767099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1446485832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61718733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1384767099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1446485832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61718733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1384767099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1446485832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2057291.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 689281.781483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709409.432075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2057291.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 689281.781483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709409.432075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2057291.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 689281.781483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709409.432075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2981                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.625874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         117691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        23.411776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.795443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.460368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   878.503484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1134.866579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.428957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.554134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            813                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 813                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3595                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3596                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2983                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51960606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2697842390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2749802996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7260045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7260045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51960606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2705102435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2757063041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51960606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2705102435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2757063041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              6564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          813                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             813                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               6579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              6579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.450827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.450558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.450558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1484588.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 916698.059803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923372.396239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1452009                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1452009                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1484588.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 917605.982022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924258.478377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1484588.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 917605.982022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924258.478377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                457                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     457                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48886918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2439589807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2488476725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6821045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6821045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48886918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2446410852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2495297770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48886918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2446410852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2495297770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.450827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.450558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.450558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1396769.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828946.587496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835620.122565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1364209                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1364209                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1396769.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 829854.427408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836506.124707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1396769.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 829854.427408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836506.124707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.420355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         177770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        59.296197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.222145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.439671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   448.992867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1527.765671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.015351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.219235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.745979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109306200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    739744351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     849050551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109306200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    739744351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      849050551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109306200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    739744351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     849050551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              3792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               3810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              3810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.243272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2954221.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 810234.776561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893737.422105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2954221.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 810234.776561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893737.422105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2954221.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 810234.776561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893737.422105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106057200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659564365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    765621565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106057200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659564365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    765621565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106057200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659564365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    765621565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.243272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2866410.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722414.419496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805917.436842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2866410.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722414.419496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805917.436842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2866410.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722414.419496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805917.436842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2037                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.814018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         114947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        28.138800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.811301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.973428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   929.132769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1068.896521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.453678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.521922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3273                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3274                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75237032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1564880313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1640117345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75237032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1564880313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1640117345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75237032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1564880313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1640117345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.380194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2279910.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 780878.399701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805163.154148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2279910.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 780878.399701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805163.154148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2279910.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 780878.399701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805163.154148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72339452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1388884446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461223898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72339452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1388884446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461223898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72339452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1388884446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461223898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.380194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2192104.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 693056.110778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717341.137948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2192104.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 693056.110778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717341.137948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2192104.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 693056.110778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717341.137948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692436125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692436125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702426682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702426682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702426682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702426682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539905.049976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539905.049976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539915.048364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539915.048364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539915.048364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539915.048364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889320426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889320426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892567437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892567437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892567437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892567437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527938.160174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527938.160174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527948.926760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527948.926760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527948.926760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527948.926760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              510.479561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              971661590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1875794.575290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.479561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.056858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1211228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1211228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1211228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148146229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33517.246380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.799298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    32.200702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.874216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.125784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       831878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       699598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1531476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1531476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4427689954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4427689954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8671109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8671109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4436361063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4436361063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4436361063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4436361063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       845056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       845056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       699702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1544758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1544758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335991.042192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335991.042192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83376.048077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83376.048077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1171691461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171691461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1158973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172850434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172850434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172850434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172850434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 282607.684756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282607.684756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64387.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64387.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              490.328074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              974825746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1973331.469636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.328074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1242185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1242185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1242185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1242185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1242185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156275666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156275666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156275666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156275666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156275666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156275666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1242239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1242239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1242239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2893993.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2893993.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2893993.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2893993.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2893993.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2893993.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1757779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351555.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106290901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106290901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106290901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2725407.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2725407.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2725407.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2725407.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2725407.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2725407.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              144469438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35839.602580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.632707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    35.367293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.861847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.138153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       988813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       732985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1721798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1721798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2195883440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2195883440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8215079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8215079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2204098519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2204098519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2204098519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2204098519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       998451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       733094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1731545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1731545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227836.007470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227836.007470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 75367.697248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75367.697248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226130.965323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226130.965323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226130.965323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226130.965323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35292                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        17646                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    936637924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936637924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1296716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1296716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    937934640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    937934640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    937934640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    937934640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 249304.744211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249304.744211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72039.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72039.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 248459.507285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248459.507285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 248459.507285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248459.507285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.459234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              971658876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1875789.335907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.459234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1208514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1208514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    115826552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115826552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    115826552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115826552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    115826552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115826552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2316531.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2316531.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2316531.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2316531.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2316531.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2316531.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103948972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103948972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103948972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103948972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103948972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103948972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2417417.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417417.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2417417.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417417.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2417417.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417417.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148142757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33607.703494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.768155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.231845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.874094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.125906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       830015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       697995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1528010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1528010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1528010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1528010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4420490131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4420490131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8681741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8681741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4429171872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4429171872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4429171872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4429171872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       843160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       698099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1541259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1541259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336286.811031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336286.811031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83478.278846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83478.278846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334302.352781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334302.352781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334302.352781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334302.352781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1196271078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196271078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1158884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1197429962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197429962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1197429962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197429962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 289373.748911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289373.748911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64382.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64382.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288398.353083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288398.353083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288398.353083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288398.353083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              513.252046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              972823570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1878037.779923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.252046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1144229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1144229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              153883946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28271.898953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.036275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.963725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.886860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       805417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       679404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1484821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1484821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1484821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1484821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7679728193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7679728193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    422481255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    422481255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8102209448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8102209448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8102209448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8102209448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       823393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       679937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1503330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1503330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427221.194537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427221.194537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 792647.757974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792647.757974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437744.310768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437744.310768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437744.310768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437744.310768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2431818                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 607954.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1780624331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780624331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       970620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781594951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781594951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781594951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781594951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 344281.579853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344281.579853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 343473.096395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343473.096395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 343473.096395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343473.096395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.712316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              972824930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1881672.978723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.712316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1145589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1145589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1145589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1145589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1145589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91387486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91387486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91387486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91387486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91387486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91387486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1145639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1145639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1145639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827749.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1827749.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827749.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1827749.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827749.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1827749.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61399143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61399143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61399143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61399143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61399143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61399143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1754261.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1754261.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1754261.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1754261.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1754261.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1754261.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              153886283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             28236.015229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.738473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.261527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.885697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.114303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       806068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       681083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1567                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1567                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1487151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1487151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1487151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1487151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7585895888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7585895888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    350645708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    350645708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7936541596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7936541596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7936541596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7936541596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       824029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       681613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1567                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1567                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1505642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1505642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 422353.760258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422353.760258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 661595.675472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661595.675472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429211.053810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429211.053810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429211.053810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429211.053810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1987247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 397449.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1763895720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763895720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       970717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1764866437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764866437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1764866437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764866437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340586.159490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340586.159490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64714.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64714.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339789.456488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339789.456488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339789.456488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339789.456488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.152294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              888966949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1587440.980357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.837393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.314901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.039804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1151102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1151102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1151102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1151102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1151102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1151102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96898340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96898340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96898340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96898340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96898340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96898340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1151147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1151147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1151147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1151147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1151147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1151147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2153296.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2153296.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2153296.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2153296.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2153296.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2153296.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64883901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64883901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64883901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64883901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64883901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64883901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1966178.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966178.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1966178.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966178.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1966178.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966178.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5264                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              199453541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36132.887862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.504442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.495558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.720720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.279280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1738625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1738625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       302344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2040969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2040969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2040969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2040969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9308493915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9308493915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2115088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2115088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9310609003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9310609003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9310609003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9310609003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1757944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1757944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       302370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2060314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2060314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2060314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2060314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481831.042756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481831.042756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81349.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81349.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481292.788989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 481292.788989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481292.788989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 481292.788989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1821691267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1821691267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1822075867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1822075867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1822075867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1822075867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346460.872385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346460.872385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346139.032485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346139.032485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346139.032485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346139.032485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              510.432509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              971660165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1879420.048356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.432509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1209803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1209803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94965851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94965851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94965851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94965851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94965851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94965851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1938078.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1938078.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1938078.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1938078.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1938078.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1938078.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84955983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84955983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84955983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84955983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84955983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84955983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022761.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022761.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148144343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33585.205849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.785142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.214858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.874161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.125839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       830760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1529600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1529600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1529600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1529600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4391410952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4391410952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8770156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8770156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4400181108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4400181108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4400181108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4400181108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333896.818127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333896.818127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84328.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84328.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 331938.828304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331938.828304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 331938.828304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331938.828304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1184369994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1184369994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1176097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1176097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1185546091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1185546091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1185546091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1185546091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 286287.163162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286287.163162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65338.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65338.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 285329.985800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285329.985800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 285329.985800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285329.985800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              490.324486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              974825874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1973331.728745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.324486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1242313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1242313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1774492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 354898.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              144469636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35839.651699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   220.616180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    35.383820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.861782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.138218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       988934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       733062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1721996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1721996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2184551529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2184551529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8198112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8198112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2192749641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2192749641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2192749641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2192749641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       998571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       733171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1731742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1731742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 226683.773892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226683.773892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 75212.036697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75212.036697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224989.702545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224989.702545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224989.702545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224989.702545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7230                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    929327810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    929327810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1299162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    930626972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930626972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    930626972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    930626972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 247359.012510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247359.012510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72175.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72175.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 246523.701192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246523.701192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 246523.701192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246523.701192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              570.271098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001084346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1737993.656250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.974696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.296402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.046434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1076456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1076456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1076456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1076456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1076456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1076456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86850012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86850012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86850012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86850012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86850012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86850012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1076515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1076515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1076515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1472034.101695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1472034.101695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1472034.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1472034.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1472034.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1472034.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57836873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57836873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57836873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57836873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57836873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57836873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1752632.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752632.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1752632.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752632.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1752632.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752632.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              393114656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             51353.972044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   110.847632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   145.152368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.432999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.567001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2806947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2806947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1536923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1536923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4343870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4343870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4343870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4343870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        27440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        27440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14523905654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14523905654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15077016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     15077016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14538982670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14538982670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14538982670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14538982670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2834369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2834369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1536941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1536941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4371310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4371310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4371310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4371310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 529644.287579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 529644.287579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       837612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       837612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 529846.307216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 529846.307216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 529846.307216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 529846.307216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3837957757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3837957757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4510589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4510589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3842468346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3842468346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3842468346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3842468346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 519134.012850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519134.012850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 751764.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751764.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 519322.657927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519322.657927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 519322.657927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519322.657927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.463688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              971659142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1875789.849421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.463688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1208780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1208780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1208780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1208780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1208780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101460196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101460196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101460196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101460196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101460196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101460196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1208830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1208830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1208830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2029203.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2029203.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2029203.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2029203.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2029203.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2029203.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290040                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290040                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90510192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90510192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90510192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90510192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90510192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90510192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2104888.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2104888.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2104888.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2104888.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2104888.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2104888.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148142624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33607.673321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.788678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.211322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.874175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.125825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       829977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        829977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       697900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1527877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1527877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1527877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1527877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4450402133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4450402133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8616264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8616264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4459018397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4459018397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4459018397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4459018397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       843112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       698004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1541116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1541116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338820.109098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338820.109098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82848.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82848.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336809.305612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336809.305612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336809.305612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336809.305612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1199152502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199152502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1158031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1200310533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1200310533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1200310533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1200310533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 290070.755201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290070.755201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64335.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64335.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 289092.132225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289092.132225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 289092.132225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289092.132225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.409461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              888968202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1595993.181329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.095007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.314454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1152355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1152355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1152355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1152355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1152355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1152355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84834504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84834504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84834504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84834504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84834504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84834504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1152396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1152396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1152396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1152396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1152396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1152396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2069134.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2069134.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2069134.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2069134.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2069134.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2069134.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55488095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55488095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55488095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55488095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55488095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55488095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849603.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849603.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849603.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849603.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849603.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849603.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              199455447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36120.146143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   184.511006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    71.488994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.720746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.279254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1740530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1740530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2042876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2042876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2042876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2042876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9307489281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9307489281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2114191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2114191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9309603472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9309603472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9309603472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9309603472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1759808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1759808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2062180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2062180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2062180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2062180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 482803.676782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 482803.676782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81315.038462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81315.038462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 482262.923332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 482262.923332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 482262.923332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 482262.923332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1826820325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1826820325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1827204925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827204925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1827204925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827204925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347238.229424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347238.229424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 346915.687298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346915.687298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 346915.687298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346915.687298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              551.130829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              888972415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1593140.528674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.818336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.312493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.039773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1156568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1156568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78573945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78573945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78573945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78573945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78573945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78573945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1964348.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1964348.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1964348.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1964348.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1964348.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1964348.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64668049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64668049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64668049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64668049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64668049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64668049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2086066.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2086066.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2086066.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2086066.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2086066.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2086066.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              199462154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36023.506231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.542795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.457205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.720870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.279130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1745419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1745419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       304152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       304152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2049571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2049571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2049571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2049571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9053867245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9053867245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2162589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2162589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9056029834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9056029834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9056029834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9056029834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1764750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1764750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       304178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       304178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          714                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          714                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2068928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2068928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2068928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2068928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 468360.004397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 468360.004397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83176.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83176.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 467842.632329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467842.632329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 467842.632329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467842.632329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1791700012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1791700012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1792084612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792084612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1792084612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792084612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339658.770047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339658.770047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339345.694376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339345.694376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339345.694376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339345.694376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.286109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              977217777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1857828.473384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.286109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.046933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1114262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1114262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1114262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1114262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1114262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1114262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81091226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81091226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81091226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81091226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81091226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81091226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1114316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1114316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1114316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1114316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1114316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1114316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1501689.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1501689.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1501689.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1501689.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1501689.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1501689.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52318026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52318026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52318026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52318026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52318026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52318026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1453278.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453278.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1453278.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453278.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1453278.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453278.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6541                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              162724333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             23940.611005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   228.034886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    27.965114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.890761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.109239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       771642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        771642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       637787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       637787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1409429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1409429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1409429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1409429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7707022426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7707022426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68256411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68256411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7775278837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7775278837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7775278837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7775278837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       788813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       788813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       637881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       637881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1426694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1426694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1426694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1426694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448839.463398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448839.463398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 726132.031915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726132.031915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 450349.194150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450349.194150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 450349.194150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450349.194150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2957709269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2957709269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7946729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7946729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2965655998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2965655998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2965655998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2965655998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 453080.464001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453080.464001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 529781.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 529781.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 453256.304142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453256.304142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 453256.304142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453256.304142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              490.318253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              974825467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1973330.904858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.318253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1241906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1241906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1241906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1241906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1241906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    160187711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160187711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    160187711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160187711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    160187711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160187711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1241961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1241961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1241961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2912503.836364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2912503.836364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2912503.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2912503.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2912503.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2912503.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1758675                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       351735                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109758572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109758572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109758572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109758572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109758572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109758572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2814322.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2814322.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2814322.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2814322.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2814322.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2814322.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              144469082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35875.113484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.583497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.416503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.861654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.138346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       988614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       732832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1721446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1721446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         9741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         9741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2194086677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2194086677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8210026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8210026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2202296703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2202296703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2202296703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2202296703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       998246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       732941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1731187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1731187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 227791.390885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227791.390885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 75321.339450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75321.339450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226085.279027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226085.279027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226085.279027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226085.279027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35258                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        17629                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    932285101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    932285101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1295777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1295777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    933580878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    933580878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    933580878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    933580878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 248410.631761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248410.631761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 71987.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71987.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 247568.517104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247568.517104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 247568.517104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247568.517104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              552.290736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              888970117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1584616.964349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.977771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.312965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1154270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1154270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1154270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1154270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1154270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102497220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102497220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102497220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102497220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102497220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102497220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1154315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1154315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1154315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2277716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2277716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2277716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2277716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2277716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2277716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49009                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75583035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75583035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75583035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75583035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75583035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75583035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2223030.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2223030.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2223030.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2223030.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2223030.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2223030.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              199458951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36048.969998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.536948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.463052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.720847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.279153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1742934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1742934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       303434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2046368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2046368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9121361511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9121361511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2214237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2214237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9123575748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9123575748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9123575748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9123575748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1762302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       303460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2065762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2065762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 470950.098668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 470950.098668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85162.961538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85162.961538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 470432.904403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470432.904403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 470432.904403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470432.904403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1795486249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1795486249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1795870849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1795870849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1795870849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1795870849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340634.841396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340634.841396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340320.418609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340320.418609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340320.418609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340320.418609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
