
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 397118                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   503940                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 292203                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67750760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40532.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16096270319                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20426069751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       249728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       445696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       256640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       256896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       163200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       449152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       247936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       249472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3899520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1359488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1359488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21085135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13790176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37631184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       324220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21668732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13790176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21690347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13779368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     37577148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37922983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20933832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21063520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               329245845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       324220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       453909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6030500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114784839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114784839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114784839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21085135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13790176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37631184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       324220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21668732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13790176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21690347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13779368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     37577148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37922983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20933832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21063520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              444030683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205114     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084372     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298625      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748261      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383650      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13238     44.28%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412017     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602161                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2075078                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701341                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854159                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9183                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19827980                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11805568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2075078                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1021278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2594857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        584133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2004124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1223505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203808                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24802561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       22207704     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         280203      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         324119      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         178045      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         207329      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         113471      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          76806      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         200845      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1214039      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24802561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073060                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.415654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19663304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2172238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2574028                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19532                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       373453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       336727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2147                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14411544                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11321                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       373453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19694252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        482311                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1603052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2563342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        86145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14401707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        40212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     20008237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67059077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67059077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17040202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2967894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3848                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          233301                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1378714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       749324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19844                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       165365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14374772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3854                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13570811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18954                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1826872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4231724                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          508                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24802561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084395     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299711      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1237025      4.99%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853771      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747970      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383048      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92326      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59859      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44456      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24802561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3324     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13065     43.98%     55.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13315     44.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11357296     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212268      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1660      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256300      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743287      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13570811                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.477805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29704                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002189                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51992841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16205633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13341399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13600515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34312                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248982                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          470                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       373453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        440409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13984                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14378647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1378714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9714                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116232                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       233396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13367503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1922122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1869287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           743063                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.470647                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13341665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13341399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7932047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20779011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.469728                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10008681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12279303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2099410                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       205832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24429108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412317     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2326428      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       976075      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584354      2.39%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406261      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261233      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136911      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109244      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216285      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24429108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10008681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12279303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1860914                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1129720                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1757272                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11070436                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       249831                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       216285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38591471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29130999                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                306454                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3599824                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10008681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12279303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10008681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.837775                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.837775                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.352389                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.352389                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60300248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18514099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13448291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2458714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2046749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10455                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21392752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13484361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2458714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1163254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2810996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        628364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1968505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1330197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26575559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23764563     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         172266      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         216946      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         345904      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         145176      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         186523      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         216804      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          99797      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1427580      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26575559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.474762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21269090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2106662                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2797679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       374401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16486754                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21290915                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         69138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1977361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2777206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        60193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16386143                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        41765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22881372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     76198321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     76198321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19120572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3760791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3960                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          211383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1538257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       802030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       180101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15999056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15338110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1963085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4011025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26575559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20077910     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2962335     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211870      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679461      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919728      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283732      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279380      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149344      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11799      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26575559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105944     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14502     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13707     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12920785     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209442      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1896      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1406690      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       799297      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15338110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540029                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57401887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17966206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14936648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15472263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12234                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         52883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16003037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1538257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       802030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       259483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15069885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1383038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2182206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2130995                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           799168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14936769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14936648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8947926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        24039927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.525894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11124024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13707357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2295731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       227006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26174820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20372850     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2940346     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1068475      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530637      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486941      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204335      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202480      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96217      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272539      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26174820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11124024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13707357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2032568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1242772                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1986845                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12341065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       283044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       272539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           41905291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32406942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                327100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1826826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11124024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13707357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11124024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.553247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.553247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67803640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20869831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15242896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28401682                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2200644                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1800619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216282                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863614                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227269                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9918                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21164201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12304362                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2200644                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1090883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2567201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        592722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1133228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1296419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25238267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22671066     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         119738      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         190064      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         256754      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         264307      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         224554      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         124918      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         185264      0.73%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1201602      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25238267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20948144                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1351414                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2562413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       361961                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15095429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21006050                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        177632                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1041411                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2508141                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       131659                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15088799                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        19193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        56602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21054730                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70190421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70190421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     18218649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2835988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1956                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          395131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1413506                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       764270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       174950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15068942                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3762                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14300369                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1685169                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4041173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          149                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25238267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19193606     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2480217      9.83%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1259306      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       953107      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747647      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300902      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190839      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99057      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13586      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25238267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2771     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8731     36.56%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12382     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12026966     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213381      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296552      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761679      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14300369                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53865210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16757938                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14081270                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14324253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        145921                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15072734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1413506                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1957                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       247264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14099365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1980784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2003386                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           761611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496427                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14081395                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14081270                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8085261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21787558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10620977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13069467                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2003200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       218774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24864895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19505361     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2655193     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004668      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       479267      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400325      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231464      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204707      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91005      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292905      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24864895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10620977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13069467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1936981                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1183855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1884826                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11775374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       269195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       292905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           39644579                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30518807                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                322530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3163415                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10620977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13069467                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10620977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.674112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.674112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.373956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.373956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63456892                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19615822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13993551                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1931524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1742222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       838168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         689897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4613                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20507393                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12139671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1931524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       796527                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2400786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        326772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2691791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1179119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25819879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23419093     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          85617      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         175381      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          74212      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         397492      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         355559      1.38%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          69686      0.27%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         144080      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1098759      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25819879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068006                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.427417                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20301606                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2899128                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2391875                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7597                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       219668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       169923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14234364                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1484                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       219668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20328835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2668971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       136110                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2374769                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        91519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14225681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        45952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        30051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1801                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16718028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     66992467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     66992467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14786638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1931384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1668                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          212154                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3351853                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1694015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        83185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14195593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13639379                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1114076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2663104                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25819879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20920895     81.03%     81.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496530      5.80%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211483      4.69%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521933      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       651810      2.52%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       619294      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352530      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28038      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17366      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25819879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34291     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262274     86.20%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7686      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8564159     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119057      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          816      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3265934     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1689413     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13639379                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480219                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304251                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53410847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15311712                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13520766                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13943630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          372                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11724                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1204                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       219668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2601116                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25372                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197285                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3351853                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1694015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          851                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15638                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          372                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       121809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13542568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3255101                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4944302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1774091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1689201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.476811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13521232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13520766                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7307512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14430407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.476043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10971293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12893342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1305519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       106357                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25600211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20906387     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727025      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       805539      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       790787      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218209      0.85%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       906619      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68902      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50409      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126334      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25600211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10971293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12893342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4899610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3217319                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1702518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11465638                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       124985                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       126334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39672699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28617419                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                443298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2582506                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10971293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12893342                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10971293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.588791                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.588791                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.386281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.386281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       66938556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15714386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16937818                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2455912                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2044415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225033                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938769                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897784                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264141                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21368115                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             13469013                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2455912                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1161925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2807802                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        627643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1328668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215196                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26579248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23771446     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         172068      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         216708      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         345512      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         145012      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         186303      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         216562      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          99671      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1425966      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26579248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.474221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21244679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2138398                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2794503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       400281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       373972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     16468014                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       400281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21266480                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         69001                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2009306                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2774056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        60117                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     16367525                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        41715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     22855300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     76111751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     76111751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     19098633                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3756653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3956                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          211132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1536525                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       801130                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       179891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15980779                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        15320548                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4006643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26579248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20089044     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2958955     11.13%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210456      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678703      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918642      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283417      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279085      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149159      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11787      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26579248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105824     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14488     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13692     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12905970     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209200      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1894      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1405089      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798395      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     15320548                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.539411                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57370286                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17945757                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14919538                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     15454552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12226                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       400281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         52785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15984756                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11876                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1536525                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801130                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132517                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126668                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       259185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15052614                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381460                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2179726                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2128545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           798266                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14919657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14919538                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8937681                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        24012495                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.525292                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11111279                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13691671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2293144                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       226743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26178967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20383645     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2936976     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067247      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530020      2.02%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486403      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204100      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202240      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96099      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272237      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26178967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11111279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13691671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2030269                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1241365                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1984569                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12326952                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       282724                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       272237                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           41891467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          32369929                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                326715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1823137                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11111279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13691671                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11111279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.556176                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.556176                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       67726024                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      20845846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      15225563                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1936054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155088                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1307222                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278925                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112838                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20551364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11009192                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1936054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1391763                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2454314                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        511089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       865880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1244025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151841                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24226722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21772408     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         379710      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         184455      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         374547      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         114975      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         348673      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          53098      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          86741      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         912115      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24226722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068165                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.387615                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20358307                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1063982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2449235                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2002                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       353195                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       178273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1969                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12275942                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4665                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       353195                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20380748                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        694586                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       298946                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2426687                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        72554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12256431                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        55670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16018403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55486415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55486415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12954511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3063892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          165801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2250032                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       349105                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        79400                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12192193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1594                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11403707                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7553                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2227353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4584698                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24226722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19226282     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551375      6.40%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1702544      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974964      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       495700      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124567      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145071      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3461      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2758      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24226722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18655     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7742     23.71%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6250     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8918046     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86806      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2052319     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345748      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11403707                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.401505                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47074336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14421177                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11112435                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11436354                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9083                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       462163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9050                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       353195                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        612875                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8560                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12193795                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          538                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2250032                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349105                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          244                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59584                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       164048                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11261532                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2023521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2369237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1714934                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           345716                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.396500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11115306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11112435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6734301                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14522505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.391250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8867783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9949679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2244642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       153929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23873527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20188381     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435117      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934552      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291158      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492352      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93520      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59442      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53716      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325289      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23873527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8867783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9949679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2127924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1787869                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1529856                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8684605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       121085                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       325289                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35742533                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24742098                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                463586                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4175663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8867783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9949679                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8867783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.202873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.202873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.312220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.312220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52404879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14443227                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13095958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2198102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1798453                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904418                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21144337                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12293894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2198102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1090827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2565591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        591592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1154219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1295157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215960                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25236984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22671393     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         119774      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         190040      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         257199      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         263644      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         223819      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         126064      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         185558      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1199493      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25236984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20928104                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1372609                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2560698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2998                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       372573                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       361652                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15082134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       372573                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20985889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        178428                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1062001                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2506644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       131447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15075719                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        19187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        56527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21037773                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70131761                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70131761                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18202186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2835587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3724                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          393305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       764086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       175298                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15055561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14285971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1685645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4047456                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25236984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19198134     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2478197      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257603      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952230      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746695      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301578      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190052      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99064      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13431      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25236984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2734     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8726     36.61%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12374     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12013604     84.09%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213270      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1295811      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761496      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14285971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.502985                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23834                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53835034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16745009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14068444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14309805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29195                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228932                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       372573                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        146805                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15059323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11045                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125108                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       246704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14086408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1218181                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1979617                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2001288                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           761436                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.495959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14068575                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14068444                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8075811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21761210                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.495326                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10611410                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13057567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2001770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       218445                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24864411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19510025     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2652369     10.67%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004578      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478019      1.92%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400098      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231022      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204564      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90789      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292947      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24864411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10611410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13057567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1935210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1182762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1883056                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11764673                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       268935                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       292947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39630723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30491265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                322074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3165401                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10611410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13057567                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10611410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.676589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.676589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.373610                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.373610                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63399100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19597800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13982305                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402380                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2455042                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2043706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897453                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264038                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21360464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13464351                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2455042                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1161491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2806808                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        627415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2009994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1328194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215125                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26582471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23775663     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         172013      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         216628      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         345387      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         144960      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         186230      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         216476      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          99625      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1425489      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26582471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086438                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.474057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       21239547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2147885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2793523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       400134                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       373829                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16462270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       400134                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       21261332                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         68963                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2018866                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2773086                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        60083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16361858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        41697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     22847525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     76085343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     76085343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     19092145                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3755380                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          211046                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1535954                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       800835                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       179824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15975197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15315222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005069                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26582471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20094511     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2957947     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210032      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678481      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918292      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283323      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       278995      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149105      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11785      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26582471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105789     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14483     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12901523     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209132      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404569      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798105      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15315222                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.539223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57362810                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17939458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14914356                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15449182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       400134                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         52758                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15979174                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1535954                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800835                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132471                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126621                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       259092                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15047385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1380955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267837                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2178931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2127784                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           797976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529793                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14914477                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14914356                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8934598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        24004216                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.525109                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11107482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13686932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292301                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       226662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26182337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20389007     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2935974     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1066878      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529833      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486233      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204031      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202183      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96066      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272132      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26182337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11107482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13686932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2029535                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1240915                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1983858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12322688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       282618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       272132                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           41889360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          32358618                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                326595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1819909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11107482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13686932                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11107482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.557049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.557049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391076                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391076                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       67702515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      20838744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15220260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1937396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1734587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1279590                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112865                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4665                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20567299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11014770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1937396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1392455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2455971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        511828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       844380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1245132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24223243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21767272     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         380299      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184666      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         374763      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         115044      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         348854      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          53147      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86269      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         912929      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24223243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068212                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.387811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20374816                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1041925                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2450921                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       353627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       178456                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1966                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12282239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       353627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20397273                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        678845                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       293259                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2428318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        71915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12262607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        55285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16028606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55509928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55509928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12958503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3070103                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1597                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          164558                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2249580                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       349204                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        79390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12197309                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11407025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7718                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2229419                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4588991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24223243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19219731     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553778      6.41%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1703257      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975154      4.03%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       495765      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124179      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145133      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3450      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2796      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24223243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18780     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7741     23.62%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6256     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8921827     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86786      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051863     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345760      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11407025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.401622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32777                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47077788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14428364                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11115633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11439802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8553                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       353627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        597355                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8536                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12198918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2249580                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349204                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          241                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104683                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       164469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11264655                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2023463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2369187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1715344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           345724                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.396609                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11118494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11115633                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6735368                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14522541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.391363                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463787                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8870332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9952585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2246854                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       154241                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23869616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20182600     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436579      6.02%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934793      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290764      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492772      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93710      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59370      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53954      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325074      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23869616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8870332                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9952585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2128454                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1788248                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1530247                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8687199                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       121122                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       325074                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35743955                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24752755                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                463726                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4179142                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8870332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9952585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8870332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.201953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.201953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.312309                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.312309                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52417198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14449338                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13101528                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2198866                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1799061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21151788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12294388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2198866                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1090688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2565673                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        590593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1147771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1295273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25237227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22671554     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         119947      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         190277      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         256765      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         263962      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         224042      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         125249      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         185550      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1199881      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25237227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432865                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20935476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1366228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2560760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         3028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       361788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15082184                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20993197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        180361                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053693                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2506776                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       131465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15075575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        56419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21038158                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70129915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70129915                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18215986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2822170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          393676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       764278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       174504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15055546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14291452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1675217                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4017856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25237227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19195548     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2479271      9.82%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258941      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952729      3.78%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746545      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301144      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190667      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        98846      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13536      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25237227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2663     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8749     36.43%     47.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12605     52.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12018552     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213397      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1295969      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761743      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14291452                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53846447                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16734556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14074261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14315469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       227618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        148176                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15059303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       246809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14092228                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1980706                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2002711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           761676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496164                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14074386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14074261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8080470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        21770173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10619412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13067490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1991816                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3611                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       218291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24865494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19507654     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2653486     10.67%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004865      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478903      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400830      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231382      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204264      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91129      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292981      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24865494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10619412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13067490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1936671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1183659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1884524                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11773577                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       269141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       292981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           39631741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30490363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                322058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3165158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10619412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13067490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10619412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.674572                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.674572                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.373892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.373892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63425843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19605846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13983648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1931676                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1742603                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       715544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         687228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20469158                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12139732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1931676                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       793263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2399214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        328402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2736041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1176696                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     25826431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23427217     90.71%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          84908      0.33%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         175192      0.68%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          73585      0.28%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         396996      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         355443      1.38%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          68582      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         144404      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1100104      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     25826431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068011                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.427419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20256022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2950815                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2390231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       169790                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14234640                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20284227                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2723698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       133617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2372681                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        90429                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14225784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        44963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        30692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          753                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16716633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     66988530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     66988530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     14762776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1953841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1657                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          843                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          215669                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3350949                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1692135                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        82950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14195653                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13623343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8029                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1136207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2742126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25826431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20936340     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490276      5.77%     86.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210051      4.69%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521816      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       652528      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       617909      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352141      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27946      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17424      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25826431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34266     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       261997     86.22%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7598      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8553000     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       118970      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          814      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3262734     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1687825     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13623343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.479655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303861                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53385007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15333884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13504668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13927204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24587                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11390                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1200                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2651455                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26524                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197329                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3350949                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1692135                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62102                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       121454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13526707                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3251926                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4939570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1771789                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1687644                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.476253                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13505124                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13504668                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7298377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14419480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.475477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506147                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10956124                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12875016                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1323795                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1643                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       105877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25604659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20917027     81.69%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1725125      6.74%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       803810      3.14%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       790412      3.09%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218266      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       904681      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68889      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50360      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126089      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25604659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10956124                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12875016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4895341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3214596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               820                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1699952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11449217                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       124684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       126089                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           39677342                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28619432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                441577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2575954                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10956124                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12875016                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10956124                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.592375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.592375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.385747                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.385747                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       66856857                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      15693769                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16933213                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1937260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1747596                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       737467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         690613                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106520                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4556                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20543357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12177314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1937260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       797133                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2407219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        327490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2688775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1180732                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104226                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25860332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23453113     90.69%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          85184      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         176022      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          74298      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         398814      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         356256      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          68947      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         144750      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1102948      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25860332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.428743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20322400                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2911297                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2398304                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7587                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       220739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       170314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14277781                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1500                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       220739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20351087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2688087                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       126929                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2380308                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        93175                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14269222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           83                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        47443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        31180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          394                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16767284                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67196601                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67196601                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14825109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1942157                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1665                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          220126                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3360085                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1698294                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15342                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        82921                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14239367                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13671899                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7761                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1127413                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2715044                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25860332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20948617     81.01%     81.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1500036      5.80%     86.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1215524      4.70%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       523430      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       654924      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       619198      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352922      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28141      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17540      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25860332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34423     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262188     86.16%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7678      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8584556     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119489      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          818      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3273231     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1693805     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13671899                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.481364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022257                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53516180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15368811                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13554118                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13976188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134158                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1203                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       220739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2617005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14241051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3360085                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1698294                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          847                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16531                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59870                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61674                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       121544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13575640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3262870                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4956487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1778463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1693617                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.477975                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13554535                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13554118                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7325078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14473384                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.477218                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11000191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12927167                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1315370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       106007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25639593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20931814     81.64%     81.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1733328      6.76%     88.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808124      3.15%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       793138      3.09%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219328      0.86%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907086      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69083      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50599      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127093      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25639593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11000191                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12927167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4912688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3225924                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1706995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11495672                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       125296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       127093                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39754998                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28705858                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                442692                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2542053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11000191                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12927167                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11000191                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.581990                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.581990                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.387298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.387298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       67099883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15751309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16987572                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2075638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702868                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       858173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         811451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19850840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11804778                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2075638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1023703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2597197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        584049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1965867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1224736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24788967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22191770     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         280466      1.13%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         326452      1.32%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         178720      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         208381      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         112728      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          77609      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         199632      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1213209      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24788967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073080                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.415626                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19687601                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2132525                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2576297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19633                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       372905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       335825                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2158                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14408827                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11381                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       372905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19718719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        543675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1501818                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2565781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        86063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14399474                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        40317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20009119                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67050981                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67050981                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17054362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2954736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3765                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2099                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          233332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1377579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       748377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       164696                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14373328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13568891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1816310                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4224612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24788967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19067157     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2304944      9.30%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1237575      4.99%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853678      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746540      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382052      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92387      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60051      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44583      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24788967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3284     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12881     43.69%     54.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13317     45.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11357160     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212203      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1661      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255470      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742397      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13568891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29482                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51974509                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16193541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13342167                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13598373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246934                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          268                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       372905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        494550                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14278                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14377117                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7475                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1377579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2097                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118512                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       234298                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13367278                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1178950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1921117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1869801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           742167                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.470639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13342448                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13342167                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7934462                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20780214                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.469755                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10016857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12289446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2087833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       206478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24416062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19393690     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2329509      9.54%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       977410      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584931      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406386      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261592      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137132      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109268      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216144      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24416062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10016857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12289446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1862418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1130645                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1758773                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11079534                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       250039                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       216144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           38577132                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29127492                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                306932                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3613418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10016857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12289446                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10016857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.835459                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.835459                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.352677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.352677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60305119                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18518406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13447237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2078819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1704094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862583                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         812484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19874209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11812085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2078819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1025725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2597964                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        581092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1967535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1225472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203747                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24812287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22214323     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         281173      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         324105      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         178502      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         207890      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         114695      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          78156      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         200760      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1212683      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24812287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073192                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.415884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19708966                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2136173                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2577176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19548                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       370418                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       337711                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2161                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14418858                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        11364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       370418                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19739970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        586882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1461889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2566159                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        86963                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14409128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        22301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        40440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           77                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20015833                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67087087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17085989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2929844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          235219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       751372                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19755                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       166284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380510                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3784                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13592831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19284                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1798984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4149602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24812287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19082192     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2306233      9.29%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1239838      5.00%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855826      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747746      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383442      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92473      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59884      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44653      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24812287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3388     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12626     43.00%     54.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13347     45.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11374067     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211996      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1664      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259923      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745181      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13592831                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.478581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52046594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16183422                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13363704                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13622192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33951                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18220                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          742                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       370418                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        537645                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14384313                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751372                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10115                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117872                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233043                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13390233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1927611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1873703                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           744942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.471447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13363992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13363704                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7942317                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20799122                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.470513                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10035473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12312189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2072329                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       205518                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24441869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19411647     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2332091      9.54%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       978836      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       586914      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406787      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       262446      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136658      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109562      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216928      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24441869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10035473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12312189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1865895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1132743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1674                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1761983                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11100067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       250495                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       216928                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           38609394                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29139468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                306124                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3590098                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10035473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12312189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10035473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.830199                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.830199                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.353332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.353332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60405380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18543442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13459207                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3350                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2455130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2043783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897485                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264047                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21361137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13464800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2455130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1161532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2806900                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        627447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2009082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1328240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26583884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23776984     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         172018      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         216635      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         345397      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         144965      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         186236      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         216486      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          99629      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1425534      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26583884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.474073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       21241760                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2146972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2793612                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       400155                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       373839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16462813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       400155                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       21263547                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         68968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2017945                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2773177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        60085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16362398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        41698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22848306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     76087850                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     76087850                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19092724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3755582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          211054                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1536006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       800851                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       179827                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15975730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15315724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26583884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20095721     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2958032     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210074      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678491      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918335      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283333      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279003      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149112      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11783      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26583884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105792     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14483     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12901956     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209136      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404618      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798121      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15315724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.539241                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133963                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57365230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17940093                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14914835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15449687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       400155                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         52764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15979707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1536006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800851                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126629                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       259107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15047873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381001                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2178993                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2127858                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           797992                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14914954                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14914835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8934891                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        24005044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.525126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11107813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13687336                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292430                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       226673                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26183729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20390233     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2936054     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1066920      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529841      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486243      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204038      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202187      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96069      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272144      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26183729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11107813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13687336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2029588                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1240952                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1983921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12323044                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       282624                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       272144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           41891273                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          32359705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                326610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1818501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11107813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13687336                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11107813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.556974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.556974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.391087                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.391087                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       67704677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      20839441                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15220748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681546717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761987072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683984668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764425023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683984668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764425023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869915.528712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895318.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870276.314212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895647.219797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870276.314212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895647.219797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511806591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589173548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514068653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591435610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514068653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591435610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782103.771857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807506.884146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.420155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807835.335025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.420155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807835.335025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1986                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.579557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         181224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        44.924145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.714246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.345816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   856.019205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1124.500291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.417978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.549072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2018                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                2018                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3745                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3746                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1985                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77024137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1692943628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1769967765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2437516                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437516                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77024137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1695381144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1772405281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77024137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1695381144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1772405281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2018                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            2018                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.343194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.342521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.342521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2265415.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868621.666496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 892570.733737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1218758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1218758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2265415.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868980.596617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 892899.385894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2265415.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868980.596617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 892899.385894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               1115                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    1115                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74038393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1521780713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595819106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2261916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2261916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74038393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1524042629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1598081022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74038393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1524042629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1598081022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.343194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.342521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.342521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2177599.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780800.776296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804749.927383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1130958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1130958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2177599.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 781159.727832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805078.600504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2177599.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 781159.727832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805078.600504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.444999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         182968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.226465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.480577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   452.938739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1527.580685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.221161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.745889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     880664575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      880664575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     880664575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.237882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.237882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1316                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.514168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         159504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        47.414982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.274948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.926718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   598.211251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1391.101250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.292095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.679249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81964713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1077021817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1158986530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81964713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1077021817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1158986530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81964713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1077021817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1158986530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049117.825000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842740.075900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879352.450683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049117.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842740.075900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879352.450683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049117.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842740.075900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879352.450683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                550                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     550                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78451317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964065750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042517067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78451317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964065750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042517067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78451317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964065750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042517067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1961282.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754945.771339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791584.712984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1961282.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754945.771339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791584.712984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1961282.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754945.771339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791584.712984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3516                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.928529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         154916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        27.842559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.352793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.973314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1199.095657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         830.506765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.585496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.405521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1410                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1410                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4506                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4507                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3516                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54072932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3275436039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3329508971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9689258                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9689258                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54072932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3285125297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3339198229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54072932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3285125297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3339198229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              8014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1410                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1410                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               8023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              8023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.437859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.438240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.438240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1590380.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942571.522014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948848.381590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1384179.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1384179.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1590380.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 943459.304136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949715.082196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1590380.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 943459.304136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949715.082196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51086910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2970291067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021377977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9074658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9074658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51086910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2979365725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3030452635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51086910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2979365725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3030452635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1502556.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854760.019281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861036.756056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1296379.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296379.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1502556.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855647.824526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861903.479807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1502556.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855647.824526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861903.479807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.444560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         182962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        60.224490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.483530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   452.879817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1527.636653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.013908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.221133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.745916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3077                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3079                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103105063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    794726021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     897831084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103105063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    794726021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      897831084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103105063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    794726021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     897831084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.238178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3124395.848485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830434.713689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 906900.084848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3124395.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830434.713689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 906900.084848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3124395.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830434.713689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 906900.084848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100207663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    710701421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810909084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100207663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    710701421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    810909084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100207663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    710701421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    810909084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.238178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3036595.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742634.713689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819100.084848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3036595.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742634.713689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819100.084848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3036595.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742634.713689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819100.084848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2035                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.891102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         122171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        29.921871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.845224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.100041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   896.321770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1102.624066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.538391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            653                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 653                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3586                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3587                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2005                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57577921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1605822592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1663400513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57577921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1605822592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1663400513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57577921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1605822592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1663400513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          653                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             653                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1919264.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 800909.023441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817395.829484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1919264.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 800909.023441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817395.829484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1919264.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 800909.023441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817395.829484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54943593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1429707603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484651196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54943593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1429707603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484651196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54943593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1429707603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484651196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1831453.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713071.123691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729558.327273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1831453.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713071.123691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729558.327273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1831453.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713071.123691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729558.327273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1318                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.510309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         159505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        47.387106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.317084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.095786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   596.630428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1391.467010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.015672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.291323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.679427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1319                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1080001811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1172220488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1080001811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1172220488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1080001811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1172220488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.296219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.296219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195682.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845733.602976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888719.096285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195682.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845733.602976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888719.096285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195682.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 845733.602976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888719.096285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                552                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     552                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88529142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    965014801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053543943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88529142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    965014801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053543943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88529142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    965014801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053543943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107836.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756281.192006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799350.487860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107836.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756281.192006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799350.487860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107836.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756281.192006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799350.487860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.444075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         182960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.223831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.487114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   452.486081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1528.026805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.013910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.220940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.746107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3076                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3078                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94161581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    800315521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     894477102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94161581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    800315521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      894477102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94161581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    800315521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     894477102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.238237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.237292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.237292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2853381.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836275.361546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903512.224242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2853381.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836275.361546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 903512.224242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2853381.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836275.361546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 903512.224242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91264146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    716272887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    807537033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91264146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    716272887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    807537033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91264146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    716272887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    807537033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.238237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.237292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.237292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2765580.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748456.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815693.972727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2765580.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748456.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815693.972727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2765580.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748456.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815693.972727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2038                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.850741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         122154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        29.895742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.843816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.323737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   898.095865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1100.587322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.438523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.537396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3570                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3571                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2038                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1599361908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1670954361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1599361908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1670954361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1599361908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1670954361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 796891.832586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819899.097645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 796891.832586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819899.097645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 796891.832586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819899.097645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422286646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1491147549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422286646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1491147549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422286646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1491147549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 708663.002491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731672.006379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 708663.002491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731672.006379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 708663.002491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731672.006379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1314                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.512653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         159504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        47.443189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.592460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   597.878484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1391.769761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.014938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.291933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.679575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1315                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1153642946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1153642946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1153642946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3513                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.928820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.858119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.298957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.385773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1198.648962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         830.595129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.585278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.405564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4505                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4506                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3513                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53023025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3318734655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3371757680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11464106                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11464106                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53023025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3330198761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3383221786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53023025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3330198761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3383221786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.437578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.438085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.438085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472861.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 956683.382819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961985.072753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1433013.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1433013.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472861.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957779.338798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963057.724452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472861.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957779.338798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963057.724452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49862225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3014068169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3063930394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10761245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10761245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49862225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3024829414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074691639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49862225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3024829414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074691639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1385061.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868857.932834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874159.884165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1345155.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1345155.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1385061.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869953.814783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875232.461998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1385061.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869953.814783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875232.461998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3544                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.929059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        27.706187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.297239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.234995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1200.924373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         829.472452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.586389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.405016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4514                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4515                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3509                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3544                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62515005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3284043473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3346558478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12820914                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12820914                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62515005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3296864387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3359379392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62515005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3296864387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3359379392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              8050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               8059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              8059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.437368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.437368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1786143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938030.126535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946424.908937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1602614.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1602614.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1786143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 939545.279852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947906.148984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1786143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 939545.279852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947906.148984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59442005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2976626280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3036068285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12118514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12118514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59442005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2988744794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048186799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59442005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2988744794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048186799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.437368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.437368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1698343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 850221.730934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858616.596437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1514814.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1514814.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1698343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851736.903391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860097.855248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1698343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851736.903391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860097.855248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1973                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.580504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         181200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        45.063417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.380387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.294198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   852.699118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1127.206801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.416357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.550394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2008                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                2008                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3731                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3732                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1972                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78184705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1686735491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1764920196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1157621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1157621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78184705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687893112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1766077817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78184705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687893112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1766077817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2008                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            2008                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2233848.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871697.928165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895898.576650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 578810.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 578810.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2233848.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871395.514713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895576.986308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2233848.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871395.514713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895576.986308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1112                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1112                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75110771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1516812970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591923741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       982021                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       982021                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75110771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1517794991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1592905762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75110771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1517794991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1592905762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2146022.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783882.671835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808083.117259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491010.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 491010.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2146022.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783580.274135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807761.542596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2146022.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783580.274135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807761.542596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1985                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.571820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         181260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        44.944210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.818046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.622642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   848.772931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1131.358202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.414440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.552421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2023                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                2023                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3776                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3777                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1984                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70272940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1639522334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1709795274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2437389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70272940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1641959723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1712232663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70272940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1641959723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1712232663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2023                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            2023                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.341100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007798.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842076.185927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862661.591322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1218694.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218694.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007798.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842462.659312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 863020.495464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2007798.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842462.659312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 863020.495464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               1124                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    1124                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67198664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1468517694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1535716358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2261789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2261789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67198664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1470779483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537978147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67198664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1470779483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537978147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.341100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1919961.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 754246.375963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774831.663976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1130894.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130894.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1919961.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 754632.879938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775190.598286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1919961.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 754632.879938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775190.598286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.444075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.223831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.484687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   452.471659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1528.043654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.013909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.220933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.746115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3076                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3078                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101042800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    804798435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     905841235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101042800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    804798435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      905841235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101042800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    804798435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     905841235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.238237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.237292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.237292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3061903.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840959.702194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 914991.146465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3061903.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840959.702194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 914991.146465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3061903.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840959.702194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 914991.146465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98145400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    720756027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818901427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98145400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    720756027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    818901427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98145400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    720756027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    818901427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.238237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.237292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.237292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2974103.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753141.094044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827173.158586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2974103.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753141.094044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827173.158586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2974103.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753141.094044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827173.158586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159300288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159300288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590101397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8590101397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590101397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8590101397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421865.482033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421865.482033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430862.286051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430862.286051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430862.286051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430862.286051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943109292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943109292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946530574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946530574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946530574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946530574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342941.985881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342941.985881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342518.137251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342518.137251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342518.137251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342518.137251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              511.663982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001231547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1936618.079304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.663982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1223455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1223455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1223455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1223455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1223455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107481575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107481575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107481575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107481575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107481575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107481575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1223505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1223505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1223505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2149631.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2149631.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2149631.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2149631.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2149631.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2149631.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77385598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77385598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77385598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77385598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77385598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77385598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2211017.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2211017.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2211017.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2211017.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2211017.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2211017.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5696                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              158375174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26608.732191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   225.402164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    30.597836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.880477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.119523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       860472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       726987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1587459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1587459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          613                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        20020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        20020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8291439070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8291439070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    400847090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    400847090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8692286160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8692286160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8692286160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8692286160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       879879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       727600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1607479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1607479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 427239.607873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427239.607873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 653910.424144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653910.424144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 434180.127872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434180.127872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 434180.127872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434180.127872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5451523                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 545152.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1954378790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1954378790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3420573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3420573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1957799363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1957799363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1957799363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1957799363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344141.361155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344141.361155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 201210.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201210.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 343714.775808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343714.775808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 343714.775808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343714.775808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.775806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003119108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2047181.853061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.775806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1330150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1330150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1330150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809164.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148885962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34664.950407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.783847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    35.216153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.862437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.137563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1059201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1059201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       785860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1845061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1845061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1845061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1845061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2340032292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2340032292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6127735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6127735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2346160027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2346160027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2346160027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2346160027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1069536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       785935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1855471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1855471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1855471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1855471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226418.218868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226418.218868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 81703.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81703.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    988571880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988571880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1113141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    989685021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    989685021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    989685021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    989685021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245730.022371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245730.022371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69571.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69571.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.660198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999992191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1934220.872340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.660198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1296356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1296356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117931313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117931313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117931313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117931313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117931313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117931313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871925.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1871925.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871925.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1871925.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871925.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1871925.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82431671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82431671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82431671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82431671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82431671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82431671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962658.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962658.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962658.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962658.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962658.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962658.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152540617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33400.616816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.794585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.205415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.874198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.125802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       891695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       749560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1641255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1641255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4700934708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4700934708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8424628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8424628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4709359336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4709359336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4709359336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4709359336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       905415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       749663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1655078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1655078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342633.725073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342633.725073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 81792.504854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81792.504854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340690.106055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340690.106055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340690.106055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340690.106055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1284082951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1284082951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1168180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1168180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1285251131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285251131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1285251131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285251131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 299041.208896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299041.208896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64898.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64898.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 298063.805891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298063.805891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 298063.805891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298063.805891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              569.709734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1030761849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1783324.998270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.342775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.366959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.045421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1179068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1179068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1179068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1179068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1179068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73008907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73008907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73008907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73008907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73008907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73008907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1179119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1179119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1179119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1179119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1179119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1179119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1431547.196078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431547.196078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1431547.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1431547.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1431547.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1431547.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54419846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54419846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54419846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54419846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54419846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54419846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554852.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554852.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554852.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554852.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554852.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554852.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7988                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              406296885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             49283.950146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.090497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.909503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3070401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3070401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1680590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1680590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4750991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4750991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4750991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4750991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        28981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        28981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13753026368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13753026368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33848284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33848284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13786874652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13786874652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13786874652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13786874652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3099352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3099352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1680620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1680620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4779972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4779972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4779972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4779972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475044.950710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 475044.950710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1128276.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1128276.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475721.150133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 475721.150133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475721.150133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 475721.150133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3612360390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3612360390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9875701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9875701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3622236091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622236091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3622236091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622236091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 452733.474120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452733.474120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1097300.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1097300.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453459.700926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453459.700926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453459.700926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453459.700926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              486.775909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1003117578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2047178.730612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.775909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.050923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1328620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1328620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1328620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1328620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1328620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    149617840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149617840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    149617840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149617840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    149617840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149617840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1328666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1328666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1328666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3252561.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3252561.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3252561.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3252561.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3252561.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3252561.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3238946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809736.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103524661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103524661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103524661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103524661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103524661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103524661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2957847.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2957847.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2957847.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2957847.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2957847.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2957847.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148883865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34704.863636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   220.783991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    35.216009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.862437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.137563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1057996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       784972                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784972                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1842968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1842968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2372245479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2372245479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6130112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6130112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2378375591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2378375591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2378375591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2378375591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1068317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       785047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1853364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1853364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1853364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1853364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 229846.476020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229846.476020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81734.826667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81734.826667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 228777.952193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228777.952193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 228777.952193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228777.952193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1002180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1113691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1003293691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003293691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1003293691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003293691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249422.598308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249422.598308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69605.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69605.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248709.392910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248709.392910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248709.392910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248709.392910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              550.450683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              919941162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1648640.075269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.120110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.330574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.038654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1243979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1243979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1243979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1243979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1243979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64832701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64832701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64832701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64832701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64832701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64832701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1409406.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1409406.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1409406.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1409406.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1409406.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1409406.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57908974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57908974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57908974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57908974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57908974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57908974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1868031.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868031.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1868031.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868031.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1868031.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868031.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5591                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205263153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35105.721396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   191.422797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    64.577203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.747745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.252255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1853584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1853584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       338428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2192012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2192012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2192012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2192012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9027751391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9027751391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2115638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2115638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9029867029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9029867029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9029867029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9029867029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1873431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1873431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       338454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2211885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2211885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2211885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2211885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454867.304429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454867.304429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81370.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81370.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454378.655915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454378.655915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454378.655915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454378.655915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1857199097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857199097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       395521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       395521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1857594618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857594618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1857594618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857594618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 332533.410385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332533.410385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65920.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65920.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 332247.293507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332247.293507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 332247.293507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332247.293507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              511.713298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              999990930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1926764.797688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.713298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.058835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1295095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1295095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1295095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1295095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1295095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125224411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125224411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125224411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125224411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125224411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125224411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1295157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1295157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1295157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2019748.564516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2019748.564516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2019748.564516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2019748.564516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2019748.564516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2019748.564516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92713925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92713925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92713925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92713925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92713925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92713925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107134.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107134.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107134.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107134.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2107134.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107134.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              152539346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33400.338515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.757632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.242368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.874053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.125947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       891118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       748890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1640008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1640008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1640008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1640008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4600712110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4600712110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8031668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8031668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4608743778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4608743778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4608743778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4608743778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       904880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       748987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1653867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1653867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1653867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1653867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334305.486848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334305.486848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82800.701031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82800.701031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 332545.189263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332545.189263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 332545.189263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332545.189263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1287162937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1287162937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1108507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1108507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1288271444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288271444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1288271444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288271444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299758.485561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299758.485561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65206.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65206.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298833.552308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298833.552308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298833.552308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298833.552308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              486.775405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1003117105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2047177.765306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.775405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1328147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1328147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1328147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1328147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1328147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136742273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    136742273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136742273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    136742273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136742273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    136742273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1328192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1328192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1328192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3038717.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3038717.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3038717.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3038717.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3038717.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3038717.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2593367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 864455.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94567968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94567968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94567968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94567968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94567968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94567968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2701941.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2701941.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2701941.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2701941.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2701941.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2701941.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148883193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34712.798554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   220.783117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    35.216883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.862434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.137566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1057607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       784689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1842296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1842296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        10392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        10392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2380205956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2380205956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6121108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6121108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2386327064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2386327064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2386327064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2386327064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1067924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       784764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1852688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1852688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 230707.178056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230707.178056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81614.773333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81614.773333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 229631.164742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229631.164742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 229631.164742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229631.164742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1007686462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1007686462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1112146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1112146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1008798608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008798608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1008798608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008798608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 250855.479711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250855.479711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69509.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69509.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 250136.029755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250136.029755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 250136.029755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250136.029755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              550.728002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              919942267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1645692.785331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.398121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.329881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.039100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1245084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1245084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1245084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1245084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1245084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1245132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1245132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1245132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205263815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35190.093434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   191.180357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    64.819643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.746798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.253202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1854095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1854095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       338576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2192671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2192671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2192671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2192671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8983257504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8983257504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2231732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2231732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8985489236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8985489236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8985489236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8985489236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1873872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1873872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       338602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2212474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2212474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2212474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2212474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454227.511958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454227.511958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85835.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85835.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453743.838610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453743.838610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453743.838610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453743.838610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1849676624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1849676624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1850061224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850061224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1850061224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850061224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 332018.780111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332018.780111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 331730.540434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331730.540434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 331730.540434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331730.540434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.223581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999991050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1937967.151163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.223581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1295215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1295215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152540349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33407.873193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.781816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.218184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.874148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.125852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       891570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       749446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1641016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1641016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4665096298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4665096298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8606010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8606010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4673702308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4673702308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4673702308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4673702308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       905351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       749551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1654902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1654902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1654902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1654902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338516.529860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338516.529860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        81962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        81962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1287439021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1287439021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1172668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1172668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1288611689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288611689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1288611689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288611689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 299962.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299962.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65148.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              570.729671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1030759424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1777171.420690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.968033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.761638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1176643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1176643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76612433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76612433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76612433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76612433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76612433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76612433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1445517.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1445517.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1445517.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1445517.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1445517.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1445517.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53386867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53386867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53386867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53386867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53386867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53386867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442888.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442888.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442888.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442888.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442888.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442888.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              406292728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             49319.340617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.111210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.888790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3067797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3067797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1679043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1679043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          820                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          820                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4746840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4746840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4746840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4746840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        29033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        29033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13929560642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13929560642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38835473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38835473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13968396115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13968396115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13968396115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13968396115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3096800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3096800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1679073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1679073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          820                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          820                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4775873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4775873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4775873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4775873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 480279.993173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480279.993173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1294515.766667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1294515.766667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481121.348638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 481121.348638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481121.348638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 481121.348638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3655539644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3655539644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11594909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11594909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3667134553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667134553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3667134553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667134553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458489.858773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458489.858773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1288323.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1288323.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459425.526560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459425.526560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459425.526560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459425.526560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              569.553030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1030763456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1780247.765112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.794359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.758671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.044542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1180675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1180675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87738771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87738771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87738771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87738771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87738771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87738771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1180732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1180732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1180732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1539276.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1539276.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1539276.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1539276.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1539276.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1539276.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62870547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62870547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62870547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62870547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62870547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62870547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1746404.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746404.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1746404.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746404.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1746404.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746404.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              406308747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             49077.031888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.113695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.886305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.434038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.565962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3077791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3077791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1685059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1685059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4762850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4762850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4762850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4762850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        29272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        29272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13727692876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13727692876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     46148312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46148312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13773841188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13773841188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13773841188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13773841188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3107033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3107033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1685089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1685089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4792122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4792122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4792122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4792122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 469451.230285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 469451.230285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1538277.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1538277.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 470546.638016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470546.638016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 470546.638016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470546.638016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3621813455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3621813455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12951414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12951414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3634764869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3634764869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3634764869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3634764869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 451935.794235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451935.794235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1439046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1439046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453043.109685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453043.109685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453043.109685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453043.109685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.280756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001232781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1932881.816602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.280756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1224689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1224689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1224689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1224689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1224689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1224689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102553451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102553451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102553451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102553451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102553451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102553451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1224736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1224736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1224736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181988.319149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2181988.319149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181988.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2181988.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181988.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2181988.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78541867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78541867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78541867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78541867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78541867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78541867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181718.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181718.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181718.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181718.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181718.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181718.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              158375970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             26734.633693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   225.440299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    30.559701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.880626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.119374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       860773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       727581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1588354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1588354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1588354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1588354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8276791202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8276791202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    355253753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    355253753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8632044955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8632044955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8632044955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8632044955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       880119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       728179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       728179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1608298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1608298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1608298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1608298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 427829.587615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427829.587615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 594069.821070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 594069.821070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432814.127306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432814.127306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432814.127306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432814.127306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3121426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 346825.111111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1947225635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947225635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2151382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2151382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1949377017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949377017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1949377017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949377017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 344580.717572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344580.717572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126551.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126551.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 343926.784933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343926.784933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 343926.784933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343926.784933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.957967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001233517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1932883.237452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.957967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1225425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1225425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1225425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1225425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1225425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92427939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92427939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92427939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92427939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92427939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92427939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1225472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1225472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1225472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966551.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1966551.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966551.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1966551.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966551.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1966551.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70635609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70635609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70635609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70635609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70635609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70635609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1962100.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962100.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1962100.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962100.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1962100.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962100.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158379932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             26480.510283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   225.414591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    30.585409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.880526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.119474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       863362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       728901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       728901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1675                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1675                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1592263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1592263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1592263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1592263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8157854233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8157854233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    482605778                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482605778                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8640460011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8640460011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8640460011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8640460011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       882922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       729550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       729550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1612472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1612472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1612472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1612472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 417068.212321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417068.212321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 743614.449923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 743614.449923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 427555.050275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427555.050275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 427555.050275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427555.050275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8634681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 863468.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            2023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1903010802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1903010802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3420767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3420767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1906431569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1906431569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1906431569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1906431569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333393.623336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333393.623336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 201221.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201221.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333001.147424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333001.147424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333001.147424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333001.147424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.773629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1003117151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2047177.859184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.773629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.050919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1328193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1328193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1328193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1328193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1328193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    148799704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148799704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    148799704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148799704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    148799704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148799704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1328238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1328238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1328238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3306660.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3306660.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3306660.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3306660.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3306660.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3306660.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3234245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1078081.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101470438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101470438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101470438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101470438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101470438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101470438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2899155.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2899155.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2899155.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2899155.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2899155.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2899155.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148883244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34712.810445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   220.782755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    35.217245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.862433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.137567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1057642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       784705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1842347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1842347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        10391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        10391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2390021608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2390021608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6125112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6125112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2396146720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2396146720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2396146720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2396146720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1067958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       784780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1852738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1852738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 231681.039938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231681.039938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 81668.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81668.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 230598.279280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230598.279280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 230598.279280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230598.279280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1012175736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1012175736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1112600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1112600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1013288336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1013288336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1013288336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1013288336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 251973.048544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251973.048544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69537.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69537.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 251249.277461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251249.277461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 251249.277461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251249.277461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
