
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 381852                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   487843                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 272092                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40687.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15536502946                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19848976657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       256512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       232832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       478976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       233472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       477440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       380160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       233984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4468352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1234176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1234176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       312176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23170393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21031409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       323738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23124144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       439359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     43265274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13990107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21089220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     43126529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     34339354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       346862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23228203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34131237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21135468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               403620378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       312176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       323738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       439359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       346862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6567257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         111481500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              111481500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         111481500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       312176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23170393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21031409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       323738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23124144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       439359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     43265274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13990107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21089220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     43126529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     34339354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       346862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23228203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34131237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21135468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              515101878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846660     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172475                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561033     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374251      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106178      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476084      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595602      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561105      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800288     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540616     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173331                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874803                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552697     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580007      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734736      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199938      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822246      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62878      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45960      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661087                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512890                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1789538                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1608615                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1199852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101416                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4198                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19096694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10185757                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1789538                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1301268                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2273889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        472735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       792646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1155206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22492906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20219017     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         357700      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         167818      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         353148      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         102464      0.46%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         329466      1.46%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          48658      0.22%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          76979      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         837656      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22492906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.383668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18871446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1022472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2269195                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1891                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       327898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       159191                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1780                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11321202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4344                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       327898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18896971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        748526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       195617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2244828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        79062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     11302670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        63627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     14738812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     51108300                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     51108300                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     11896789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2842023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          169988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2108491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       312697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        69486                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11244721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1443                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10514109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6756                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2072775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4248216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22492906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17874113     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1421705      6.32%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1592116      7.08%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904830      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450971      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       113330      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130242      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3096      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2503      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22492906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16633     56.52%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7159     24.33%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5637     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8201294     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77870      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1924459     18.30%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309779      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10514109                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.396036                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002799                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43557309                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13318969                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10245907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10543538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7809                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       327898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        648476                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11246171                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2108491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          730                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          270                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96330                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54142                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       150472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10385522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1897955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2207709                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1585010                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           309754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.391192                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10248437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10245907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6217301                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13259856                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.385933                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.468881                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8189251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9159110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2087566                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       141257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22165008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18787374     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1305285      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860786      3.88%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266066      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455495      2.06%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84551      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53187      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47914      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304350      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22165008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8189251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9159110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1978725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1673837                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1411513                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         7985006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       108553                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       304350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33107308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          22821524                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                433042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4055488                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8189251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9159110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8189251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.241859                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.241859                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.308465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.308465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       48381165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      13287002                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12133486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2051499                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1678449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841396                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805703                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         210808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9170                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19741537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11473317                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2051499                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1016511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2393009                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        553934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1116767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1209648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202375                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23600342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21207333     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         110861      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         176465      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         239106      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         246864      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         208766      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         116978      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         174696      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1119273      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23600342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432166                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19538051                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1322280                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2388317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2892                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       348799                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       337636                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14078217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       348799                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19591964                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        187843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1009636                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2337937                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       124160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14072502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        18232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        53303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19631382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     65463374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     65463374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16978192                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2653187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          369804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1318848                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       712565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       229761                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14055186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13330892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1584637                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23600342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17915179     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2372393     10.05%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1190944      5.05%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       870855      3.69%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688196      2.92%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281754      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176591      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92494      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11936      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23600342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2769     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8509     38.14%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11031     49.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11213195     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199055      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1669      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206747      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710226      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13330892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.502136                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22309                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50286451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15643339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13129846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13353201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26842                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215827                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10873                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       348799                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        157563                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12605                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14058665                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1318848                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10669                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114468                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       231129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13146464                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1135428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1845588                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1867079                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           710160                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.495189                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13129971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13129846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7537289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20320645                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.494563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9897443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12178475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880197                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       204633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18216328     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2515433     10.82%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931967      4.01%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444906      1.91%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398909      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216491      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173996      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85781      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267732      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9897443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12178475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1804711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1103019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1756160                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10972592                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       250740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       267732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37042405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28466157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                301211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2948052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9897443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12178475                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9897443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.682349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.682349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.372808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.372808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59162403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18289602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13047470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2050765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1677873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805354                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         210762                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9173                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19728445                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11469515                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2050765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1016116                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2392144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        553231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1111890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1208801                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23581804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21189660     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         110829      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         176502      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         238910      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         246676      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         208879      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         116905      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         174377      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1119066      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23581804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077246                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19525681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1317393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2387473                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2880                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       348374                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       337492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14073178                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       348374                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19579601                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        192194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1000482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2337066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14067425                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19624750                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65439089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65439089                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16973175                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2651449                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          369651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1318280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       712296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8487                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       229676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14049992                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3454                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13325811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1583366                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3802639                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23581804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17898783     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2371469     10.06%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1190600      5.05%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       870404      3.69%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688120      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281512      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176502      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92434      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11980      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23581804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2768     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8499     38.11%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11037     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11208788     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199033      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206360      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709962      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13325811                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.501945                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50257746                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15636876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13125039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13348115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27074                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215609                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10826                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       348374                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        161949                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12588                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14053472                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1318280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10675                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116493                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       230856                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13141722                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1135232                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1845131                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1866466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           709899                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.495010                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13125163                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13125039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7534943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20312880                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.494382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9894493                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12174773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1878609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       204354                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23233430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18199897     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2514536     10.82%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931532      4.01%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444902      1.91%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398810      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216408      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173929      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85715      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267701      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23233430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9894493                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12174773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1804120                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1102661                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1755602                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10969254                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       250653                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       267701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37019033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28455252                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                300897                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2966571                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9894493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12174773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9894493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.683147                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.683147                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.372697                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.372697                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59141277                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18283219                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13043227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1940919                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591866                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192595                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       793650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         754994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8456                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18536637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11041900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1940919                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       953272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2426705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        549466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1909406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1144282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23226317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20799612     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         262644      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         303829      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         166462      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         191634      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         105947      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          72532      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         187609      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1136048      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23226317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073109                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18384797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2064554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2406596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        18796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       314476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1998                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13477195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10497                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18414398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        513440                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1468982                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2396555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        81368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13467838                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        38314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18715993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     62706906                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     62706906                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15937710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2778283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          223487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1289039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       699774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18414                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       155619                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13444886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12690055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1711039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3969401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          487                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23226317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17881043     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2148560      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1154532      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       801918      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698781      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356820      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87076      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55699      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41888      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23226317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3178     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12385     44.25%     55.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12428     44.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10621359     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198530      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1551      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174046      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694569      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12690055                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477997                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48652468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15159673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12476301                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12718046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          211                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        469129                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12796                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13448525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1289039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       219860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12501368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102484                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1796857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1748052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           694373                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.470890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12476537                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12476301                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7417260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19433879                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.469946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9359748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11482278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1966404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       193605                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22874746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18183314     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2175837      9.51%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       912551      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547098      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378794      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       244884      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127665      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102365      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202238      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22874746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9359748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11482278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1739288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1056006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1643106                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10351776                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       233507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       202238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36121125                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27248949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                286572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3322076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9359748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11482278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9359748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.836443                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.836443                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.352554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.352554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56388034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17317762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12576784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26546949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1784085                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603701                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141766                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1225510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1196576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19038124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10154260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1784085                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1297606                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2267495                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        470745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       817688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1151640                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22451530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20184035     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         356886      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         167778      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         352368      1.57%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         101820      0.45%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         328844      1.46%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          48185      0.21%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          76601      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         835013      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22451530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.382502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18813624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1046750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2262868                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1840                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       326444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       158641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1779                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     11285858                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       326444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18839180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        774178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       194571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2238440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        78713                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     11266982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        63295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     14691011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     50945236                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     50945236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     11862047                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2828841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          169127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2102877                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       311672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        70744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         11209182                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1436                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        10481397                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6801                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2063201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4230542                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22451530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.466846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17846411     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1416659      6.31%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1589097      7.08%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901952      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       449544      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112722      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129609      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3040      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2496      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22451530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16579     56.50%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7146     24.35%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5618     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8175048     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77592      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          704      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1919385     18.31%     97.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308668      2.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     10481397                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.394825                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29343                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43450468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13273847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10214508                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     10510740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       433008                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       326444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        674600                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9414                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11210626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2102877                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          260                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        95858                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53837                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       149695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10353282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1892744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2201387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1580576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           308643                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.389999                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             10217148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            10214508                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6198505                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        13216005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.384771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.469015                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8166554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9133039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2077994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       140721                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22125086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18757531     84.78%     84.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1301249      5.88%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       858386      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       265285      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453977      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83985      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53158      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47738      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303777      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22125086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8166554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9133039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1973640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1669837                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1407614                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         7962016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       108180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       303777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33032316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          22748878                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                431919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4095419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8166554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9133039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8166554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.250692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.250692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.307627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.307627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       48232371                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      13245334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12096918                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1764626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4140                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18705379                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11084296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1764626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       726747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2192157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        297706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2940606                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1074531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94255                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24039405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.837448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21847248     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          78192      0.33%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         160195      0.67%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          67627      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         363896      1.51%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         324581      1.35%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          62410      0.26%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         131318      0.55%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1003938      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24039405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.066468                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.417513                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18502023                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      3145446                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2183861                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7056                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       201013                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       155037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12996318                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       201013                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18527880                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2925052                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       135798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2168450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        81206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12987982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           58                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        41002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        27146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          692                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15253155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     61162366                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     61162366                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     13488951                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1764198                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          192782                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3061773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1547295                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        75750                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12961358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12442797                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7549                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1028773                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2485336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24039405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19570355     81.41%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1364110      5.67%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1103797      4.59%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       478100      1.99%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       597679      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       563326      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320639      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25579      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15820      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24039405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31355     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238311     86.14%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6978      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7808538     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108533      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2982044     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1542938     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12442797                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.468684                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276644                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022233                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49209192                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13992050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12334643                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12719441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123188                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10813                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       201013                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2864864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25507                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12962941                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3061773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1547295                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15627                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       110338                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12354846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2972112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87951                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4514856                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1619006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1542744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.465371                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12335060                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12334643                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6664728                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13165446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.464610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506229                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10012769                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11766322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1197997                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        95938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23838392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19553913     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1577295      6.62%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734753      3.08%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721736      3.03%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200505      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       825661      3.46%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63150      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45944      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115435      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23838392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10012769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11766322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4475059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             2938582                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1553940                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10462854                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       115435                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36687250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26129691                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                402031                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2508989                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10012769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11766322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10012769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.651454                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.651454                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.377152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.377152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       61070921                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14327558                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15465689                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2052509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19745139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11478131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2052509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1016896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2394079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        553178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1209853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23576333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21182254     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         110798      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         176420      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         239593      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         246896      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         209462      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         116593      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         174568      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1119749      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23576333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19542337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1293436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2389503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       348200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       337948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14084163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       348200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19596037                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        184792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       984225                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2339279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       123797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14078566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        53107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19641860                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     65490700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     65490700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16990704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2651151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          368698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       713081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       229946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14060959                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1997                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1579777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3793986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23576333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17887566     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2373546     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192361      5.06%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871350      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688391      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281768      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176913      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92432      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12006      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23576333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2760     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8521     38.18%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11039     49.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11219852     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199227      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207775      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710748      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.502451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50279194                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15644258                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13137479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13361592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       348200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        154354                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12616                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14064437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       231047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13154072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136149                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1846830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1868737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           710681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.495475                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13137605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13137479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7542262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20330310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.494850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9904740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12187361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1877084                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       204472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23228133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18189014     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517536     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932696      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445523      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398792      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216458      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174387      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85732      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267995      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23228133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9904740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12187361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1805987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1103798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1757417                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10980602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       250913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       267995                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37024505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28477110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                301196                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2972061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9904740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12187361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9904740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.680373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.680373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.373082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.373082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59195246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18301269                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13053366                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1943086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593753                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       795012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756178                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198380                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18550576                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11050702                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1943086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       954558                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2428676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        548587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1891638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1144674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       190991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23223832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20795156     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         262737      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         304510      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         166626      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         191847      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         106196      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          72225      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         187643      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1136892      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23223832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.416247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18398502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2047011                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2408477                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        18902                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       314723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13486522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18428194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        526780                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1438077                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2398580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        81261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13477136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        19864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        38200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18730305                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     62750463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     62750463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15958570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2771735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          222656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1289040                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       700331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       155168                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13454794                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12701782                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17817                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1705674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3955505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          492                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23223832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17873019     76.96%     76.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2151276      9.26%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155822      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802230      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699813      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356840      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87062      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55812      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41958      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23223832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3227     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12228     43.80%     55.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12463     44.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10631599     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198753      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1553      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174727      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695150      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12701782                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.478439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48673131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15164223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12488768                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31555                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          102                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        484874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13458440                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1289040                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2061                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9308                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       219644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12513250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1798423                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1750092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           694942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.471337                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12489024                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12488768                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7425071                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19452014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.470415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381712                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9372040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11497362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1961261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       193455                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22872895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18175217     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2178589      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913507      3.99%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548341      2.40%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379321      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245451      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127525      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102505      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202439      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22872895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9372040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11497362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1741610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1057407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1645257                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10365386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       233817                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       202439                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36129014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27268193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                286372                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3324562                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9372040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11497362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9372040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.832723                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.832723                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.353017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.353017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       56444524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17334743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12587456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2296300                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911917                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19964482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12598762                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2296300                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1082945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2624361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        589379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1879462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1242071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24849021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22224660     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         160073      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         201444      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         322962      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         136180      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         173148      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         203171      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          93438      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1333945      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24849021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.474558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19850376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2009336                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2611758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       349330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15401269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19871016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         64852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1887881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2592351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        56662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15306046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21375719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71170303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71170303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17830346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3545373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          199919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       748376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       170482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14940209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14315479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783495                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24849021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18784964     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765127     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130298      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633524      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858709      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265865      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259852      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139545      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11137      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24849021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98961     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13612     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12794     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12059474     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195365      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313134      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745738      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14315479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.539222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125367                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53620709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16790495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13938665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14440846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14943890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       243341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14063522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2036237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1987857                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           745611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13938780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13938665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8349774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22438362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525029                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10373567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12782802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       212485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24472769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060668     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2743692     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996271      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496003      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453121      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190233      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188900      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89538      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254343      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24472769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10373567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12782802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1895593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1158999                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1852712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11508844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       264005                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       254343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39162299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30264166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                305668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1699373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10373567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12782802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10373567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.559235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.559235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63275413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19477895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14239363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1773149                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1599363                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659511                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         632126                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4201                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18794778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11140125                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1773149                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       729684                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2202710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        299150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2862636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1080119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24062168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.840827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21859458     90.85%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          78227      0.33%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         161454      0.67%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          68253      0.28%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         364602      1.52%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         326223      1.36%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          62958      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         132081      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1008912      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24062168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.066789                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.419616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18598412                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      3060444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2194425                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       201807                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       156006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13060546                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       201807                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18624234                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2839152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       133504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2178756                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        84709                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13052441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        41639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        29404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2694                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15333898                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     61464183                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     61464183                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     13556145                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1777741                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          815                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          194611                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3075348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1554402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14366                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        75768                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13025299                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12504660                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7665                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1031939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2492320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24062168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19570713     81.33%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371609      5.70%     87.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108733      4.61%     91.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       480436      2.00%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       601050      2.50%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       565442      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       322498      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25617      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16070      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24062168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31451     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       239322     86.14%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7059      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7849032     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       109118      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          748      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2995731     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1550031     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12504660                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.471014                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277832                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022218                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49356985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14059170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12396477                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12782492                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22610                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123247                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          365                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       201807                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2773990                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        24819                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13026876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3075348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1554402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          816                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          365                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54319                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56516                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       110835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12416672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2986039                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            4535890                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1627271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1549851                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.467700                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12396878                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12396477                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6699096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13230691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.466939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506330                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10061505                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11823814                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1204402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        96603                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23860361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19554754     81.95%     81.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1585498      6.64%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       737970      3.09%     91.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       725894      3.04%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       201121      0.84%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       829274      3.48%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63402      0.27%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46156      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116292      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23860361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10061505                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11823814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4495684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2952094                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1561598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10514036                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       114530                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       116292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36772259                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          26258281                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                404252                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2486226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10061505                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11823814                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10061505                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.638611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.638611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.378987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.378987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       61374140                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14402872                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15541919                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1859221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1520752                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         730960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190695                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8132                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18030430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10551256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1859221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       921655                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2209684                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        534169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       918973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1110207                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183926                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     21506185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19296501     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         119520      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         188411      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         301159      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         124702      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         139175      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         149344      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          97137      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1090236      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     21506185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.397435                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17858492                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1092546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2202624                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         5688                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       346832                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       304327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12882086                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1584                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       346832                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17886766                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        234063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       776416                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2180567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        81538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12872115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         2646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        21507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        30642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5807                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17865788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     59876220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     59876220                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15213968                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2651707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1909                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          242115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1228349                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       659803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19421                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       149619                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12852008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12153992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1648009                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3680063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          424                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21506185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16381747     76.17%     76.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2057904      9.57%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1123864      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       765113      3.56%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       717706      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206148      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161628      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54911      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37164      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21506185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2875     12.79%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8668     38.56%     51.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10936     48.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10180787     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192233      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1471      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1124104      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       655397      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12153992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.457805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22479                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45852570                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14503565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11956131                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12176471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36660                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          780                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       346832                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        162462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12855425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1228349                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       659803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1911                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7919                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106090                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105160                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       211250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11979606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1057235                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       174386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1712321                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1685244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           655086                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.451237                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11956331                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11956131                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6990785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18265933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.450352                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8937357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     10954819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1900615                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2971                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       186694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21159353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16709930     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2155515     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       840239      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451033      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       337736      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188687      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117250      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103856      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255107      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21159353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8937357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     10954819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1642723                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1004306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1572425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9871178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       222535                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       255107                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33759615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26057804                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                293979                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               5042209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8937357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            10954819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8937357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.970497                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.970497                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.336644                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.336644                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       54021168                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16571021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12015587                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         2968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548346                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1791575                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1609959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142546                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1229584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1201110                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4160                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19118924                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10196454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1791575                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1302726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2276743                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        473413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       800518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1156608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139508                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22526295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20249552     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         357653      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         168456      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         353590      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         102815      0.46%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         329901      1.46%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          48404      0.21%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          77152      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         838772      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22526295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.384071                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18892708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1031335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2272118                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       328324                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       159730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1786                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     11336000                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4363                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       328324                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18918352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        746234                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       206642                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2247510                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        79229                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     11317128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        63779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     14755663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     51176725                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     51176725                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     11913558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2841963                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          734                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          170422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2111715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       313598                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1867                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        69974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         11259311                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1446                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        10528005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6768                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2074905                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4257158                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22526295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17900713     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425143      6.33%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593562      7.07%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       905276      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       452153      2.01%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       113477      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130398      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3059      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2514      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22526295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16585     56.33%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7204     24.47%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5655     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8211964     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        78118      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          709      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1926760     18.30%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       310454      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     10528005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.396560                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29444                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43618517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13335694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10258907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     10557449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       436753                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7971                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       328324                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        645908                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9493                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11260765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2111715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       313598                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          732                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3814                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          277                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54040                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       150507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10399110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1899733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128895                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2210157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1587158                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           310424                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.391705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             10261550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            10258907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6224202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13280821                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.386424                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.468661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8199055                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      9171230                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2089976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1430                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       141495                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22197971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18814666     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1308098      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       862248      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266349      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455894      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84897      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53429      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48166      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304224      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22197971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8199055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      9171230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1980572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1674953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1413260                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         7995941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       108811                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       304224                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33154927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          22851106                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                433648                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4022051                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8199055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             9171230                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8199055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.237976                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.237976                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.308835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.308835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       48441186                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      13303623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12145822                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1428                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2054424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1680870                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843075                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806824                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211134                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19763440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11489860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2054424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1017958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2396405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        554195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1210949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23598165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21201760     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         111028      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         176820      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         239312      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         247130      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         209267      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         117154      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         174685      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1121009      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23598165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19560152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1294421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2391720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2892                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       338094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14098157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19614185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        184718                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       984706                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2341203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       124373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14092397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        18231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        53429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19659502                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     65555198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     65555198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17003495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2656007                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          370447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320587                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       713559                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8505                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       229999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14074922                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3458                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13349574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1586056                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3809013                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23598165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17905151     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2375555     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192689      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871914      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689413      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282022      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176814      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92603      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23598165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2771     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8509     38.11%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11049     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11228780     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199401      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208496      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711226      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13349574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.502839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50321642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15664500                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13148464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13371903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215952                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        154331                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14078406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320587                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713559                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10694                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116707                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       231270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13165172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1848413                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1869808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           711163                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.495893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13148583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13148464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7548367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20349102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370943                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9912168                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12196561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       204715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23249188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18206785     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2518909     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933197      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445694      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399453      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216806      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174278      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85862      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268204      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23249188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9912168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12196561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1807353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1104635                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1758752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10988883                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       251106                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       268204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37059322                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28505822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                301427                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2950222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9912168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12196561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9912168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.678363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.678363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.373362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.373362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59246771                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18315753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13066354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1863584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524703                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183849                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18072840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10577125                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1863584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       923202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2215619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        538220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       888520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1113185                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     21527296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19311677     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         120551      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         188722      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         302013      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         124954      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         139147      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         148599      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          97200      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1094433      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     21527296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070196                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17900110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1062948                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2208481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5709                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       350045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       304698                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12916218                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       350045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17928833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        233529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       744350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2186027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        84509                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12906319                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        31052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7758                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17910419                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     60038174                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     60038174                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15234787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2675628                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1878                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          244204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1233382                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       660921                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19474                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       149845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12885367                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12175740                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1668200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3738469                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          386                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21527296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16393936     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2061960      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1124899      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       766508      3.56%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719100      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206706      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162185      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54598      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37404      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21527296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2878     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9033     39.50%     52.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10960     47.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10199707     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192490      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125691      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656379      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12175740                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22871                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45917639                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14557083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11976771                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12198611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       227710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       350045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        158978                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10803                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12888755                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1233382                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660921                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7877                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       212213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12000098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1714460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1687143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           656059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.452008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11976966                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11976771                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7003045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18309193                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.451130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382488                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8949590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10969794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       187519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21177251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16722489     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2158170     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841366      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450231      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338932      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188867      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117610      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104212      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255374      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21177251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8949590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10969794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1644953                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1005670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1574573                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9884670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       222838                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       255374                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33810666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26127784                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                294960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5021098                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8949590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10969794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8949590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.966437                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.966437                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.337105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.337105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54113135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16599121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12043438                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1944185                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1594590                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192547                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       794751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198546                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8479                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18555019                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11056907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1944185                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       954597                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2429656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        549647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1915290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1145197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23253819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20824163     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         262804      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         304186      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         166650      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         191769      0.82%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         106216      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          72437      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         188257      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1137337      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23253819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073232                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.416481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18403357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2070235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2409640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        18729                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       351855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       315004                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1999                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13495055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        10477                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       351855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18432931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        569651                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1418712                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2399654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        81013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13485861                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        19690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        38153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18741972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     62789764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     62789764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15959336                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2782628                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3609                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          222562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1290731                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       700796                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       155882                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13462938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3613                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12707063                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1713194                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3973479                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23253819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17900985     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2151832      9.25%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155978      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       803133      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700012      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       357173      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86879      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55927      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41900      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23253819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3222     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12360     44.09%     55.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12454     44.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10635337     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198820      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1553      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1175798      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695555      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12707063                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.478638                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28036                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48714210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15179875                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12493146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12735099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31527                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          157                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       351855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        525247                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13466572                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1290731                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700796                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2048                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9324                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111110                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       219855                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12518204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1104275                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1799603                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1750753                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           695328                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.471524                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12493397                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12493146                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7427512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19458595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.470580                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381709                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9372478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11497896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1968858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       193555                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22901964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18203441     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179305      9.52%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913844      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548432      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379042      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245333      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127674      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102414      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202479      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22901964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9372478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11497896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1741675                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1057449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1645343                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10365855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       233826                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       202479                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36166174                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27285376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                286518                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3294575                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9372478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11497896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9372478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.832591                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.832591                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.353034                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.353034                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       56464520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17341260                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12594238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66898192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609137840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3676036032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66898192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612167651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679065843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66898192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612167651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679065843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2158006.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974389.265659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984213.127711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2158006.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974418.033720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984233.772873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2158006.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974418.033720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984233.772873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64176392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283889907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348066299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64176392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286656318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350832710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64176392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286656318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350832710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2070206.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886579.348542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896403.292905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2070206.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886608.124629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896423.945960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2070206.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886608.124629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896423.945960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.808837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         114962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        28.183869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.806002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.470100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   930.396765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1071.135970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.008042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.454295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.523016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3286                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3287                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34484949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1558017809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1592502758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34484949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1558017809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1592502758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34484949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1558017809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1592502758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.379258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.382342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.381910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.381910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1277220.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777453.996507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784097.862137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1277220.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777453.996507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784097.862137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1277220.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777453.996507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784097.862137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     32114349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1382034582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414148931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     32114349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1382034582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414148931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     32114349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1382034582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414148931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.379258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1189420.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 689638.014970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696282.093058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1189420.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 689638.014970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696282.093058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1189420.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 689638.014970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696282.093058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.424672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         154517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        46.837527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.099398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.442473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   584.348224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1405.534578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.014864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.285326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.686296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  2925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   2943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2941                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  2943                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82935929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    986728864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1069664793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82935929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    986728864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1069664793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82935929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    986728864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1069664793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2022827.536585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 814132.726073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853682.995211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2022827.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 814132.726073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853682.995211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2022827.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 814132.726073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853682.995211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79336129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    879162264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958498393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79336129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    879162264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    958498393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79336129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    879162264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    958498393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935027.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725980.399670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765573.796326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935027.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725980.399670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765573.796326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935027.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725980.399670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765573.796326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.424433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         154517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        46.837527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.100341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.445672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   583.583580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1406.294840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.284953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.686667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2941                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2943                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104730067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    994464133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1099194200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104730067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    994464133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1099194200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104730067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    994464133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1099194200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2554391.878049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 820514.961221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877249.960096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2554391.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 820514.961221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877249.960096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2554391.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 820514.961221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877249.960096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101129487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    887516039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988645526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101129487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    887516039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988645526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101129487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    887516039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988645526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2466572.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 732878.644922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789652.976038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2466572.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 732878.644922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789652.976038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2466572.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 732878.644922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789652.976038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1855                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.513438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         177497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        45.477069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.636720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.947264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   835.605421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1138.324033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.408010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.555822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3369                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545297057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1620413974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545297057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1620413974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545297057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1620413974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849531.092358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874009.694714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849531.092358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 874009.694714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849531.092358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 874009.694714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385562101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457606018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385562101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457606018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385562101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457606018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761716.383178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786195.263215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761716.383178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786195.263215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761716.383178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786195.263215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2028                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.811137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         114933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        28.197498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.811129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.365178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   927.888310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1072.746520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.453070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.523802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3259                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56724781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593793836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1650518617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56724781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593793836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1650518617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56724781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593793836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1650518617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.384135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025885.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 796498.668666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813464.079349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025885.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 796498.668666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813464.079349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025885.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 796498.668666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813464.079349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                293                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     293                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54266381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418193836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472460217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54266381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418193836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472460217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54266381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418193836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472460217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938085.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 708742.546727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725707.351897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938085.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 708742.546727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725707.351897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938085.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 708742.546727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725707.351897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3780                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.934284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         151649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        26.020762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.287674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.970595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1275.087739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         753.588276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.622601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.367963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1224                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1224                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3654                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3655                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3742                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3780                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63734746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3585456624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3649191370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2765876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2765876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63734746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3588222500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3651957246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63734746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3588222500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3651957246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1224                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1224                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.505954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.508413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.505949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.508406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.505949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.508406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1677230.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 958934.641348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966161.337040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 921958.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921958.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1677230.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 958904.997328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966126.255556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1677230.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 958904.997328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966126.255556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                673                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     673                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60398346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3257072824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3317471170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2502476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2502476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60398346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3259575300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3319973646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60398346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3259575300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3319973646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.505954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.505949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.505949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1589430.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871108.003209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878334.966905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 834158.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834158.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1589430.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871078.380545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878299.906349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1589430.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871078.380545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878299.906349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1252                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.420737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.852941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.453018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   583.824413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1406.046403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.285071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.686546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2944                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84466075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    984306901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1068772976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84466075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    984306901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1068772976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84466075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    984306901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1068772976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111651.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812805.037985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854334.912870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111651.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812805.037985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854334.912870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111651.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812805.037985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854334.912870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80953109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    877432024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958385133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80953109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    877432024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    958385133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80953109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    877432024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    958385133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023827.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725150.433058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766708.106400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023827.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725150.433058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766708.106400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023827.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725150.433058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766708.106400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1860                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.512317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         177507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        45.421443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.612224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.020960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   836.082621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1137.796513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.408243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.555565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1888                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1888                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3372                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3373                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1859                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531831624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1592411321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531831624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1592411321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531831624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1592411321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1888                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1888                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839819.969298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856595.654115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839819.969298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856595.654115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839819.969298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856595.654115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371664951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429171648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371664951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429171648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371664951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429171648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 752009.293311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768785.179129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 752009.293311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768785.179129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 752009.293311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768785.179129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.421781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         177770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        59.296197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.445369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   449.015669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1527.737312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.015354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.219246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.745965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     855265245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      855265245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     855265245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.243272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.243272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3767                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.919205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         151689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        26.085813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.249766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.318905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1275.313658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         753.036877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.622712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.367694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3688                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3689                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3730                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3767                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72280077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3493939049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3566219126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2094351                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2094351                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72280077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3496033400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3568313477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72280077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3496033400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3568313477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              7449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               7456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              7456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.502901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.505303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.502831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.505231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.502831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.505231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953515.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937466.876576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947454.603082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       698117                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       698117                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953515.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937274.369973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947256.033183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953515.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937274.369973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947256.033183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                669                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     669                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69031477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3166708449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3235739926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1830951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1830951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69031477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3168539400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3237570877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69031477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3168539400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3237570877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.502901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.502831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.502831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865715.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849666.876576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859654.603082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       610317                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       610317                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865715.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849474.369973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859456.033183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865715.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849474.369973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859456.033183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3005                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.614505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         117668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        23.295981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.787692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.194836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   871.442344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1142.189633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.010349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.425509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.557710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3005                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42585734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2768701952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2811287686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6861657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6861657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42585734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2775563609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     2818149343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42585734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2775563609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    2818149343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              6564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               6579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              6579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.454197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.456756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.456756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1216735.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 933794.924789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937095.895333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1372331.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1372331.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1216735.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 934533.201684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937820.080865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1216735.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 934533.201684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937820.080865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                459                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     459                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39510966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2508304877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547815843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6422352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6422352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39510966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2514727229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2554238195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39510966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2514727229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2554238195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.454197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1128884.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 845971.290725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849271.947667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1284470.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1284470.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1128884.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 846709.504714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849996.071547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1128884.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 846709.504714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849996.071547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2039                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.806481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         114950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        28.125765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.803760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.785184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   931.652024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1067.565513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.454908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.521272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            589                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 589                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3272                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3273                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2039                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64352733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1561170806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1625523539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64352733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1561170806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1625523539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64352733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1561170806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1625523539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.384282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2145091.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777088.504729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797216.056400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2145091.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777088.504729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 797216.056400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2145091.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777088.504729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 797216.056400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                294                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     294                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61718615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1384767458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1446486073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61718615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1384767458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1446486073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61718615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1384767458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1446486073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2057287.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 689281.960179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709409.550270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2057287.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 689281.960179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709409.550270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2057287.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 689281.960179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709409.550270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.421611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         154525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        46.839952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.435939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   584.824211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1405.065038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.285559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.686067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2950                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973629880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1067888185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973629880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1067888185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973629880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1067888185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803324.983498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852265.111732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803324.983498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852265.111732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803324.983498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852265.111732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866684079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    957342584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866684079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957342584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866684079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957342584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715676.365813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764650.626198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715676.365813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764650.626198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715676.365813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764650.626198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2989                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.619243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         117669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.370209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.578309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.391203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   868.488762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1144.160969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.424067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.558672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2989                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57145023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2722449720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2779594743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6286173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6286173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57145023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2728735893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2785880916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57145023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2728735893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2785880916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544460.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 923490.407056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931187.518593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1571543.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1571543.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544460.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924368.527439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932044.468384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544460.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924368.527439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932044.468384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                460                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     460                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53894114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2463554751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2517448865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5934464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53894114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2469489215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2523383329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53894114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2469489215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2523383329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456597.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 835669.861262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843366.453936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1483616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1483616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456597.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 836547.837060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844223.261626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456597.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 836547.837060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844223.261626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1864                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.477644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         177499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        45.372955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.898247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.021358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   836.689698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1136.868341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.408540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.555111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3366                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3367                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1863                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66681527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1544804334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1611485861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1366946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1366946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66681527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1546171280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1612852807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66681527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1546171280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1612852807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1905186.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 845541.507389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865459.646079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1366946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1366946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1905186.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 845826.739606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865728.828234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1905186.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 845826.739606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865728.828234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63608527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1384353718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1447962245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1279146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1279146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63608527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1385632864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1449241391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63608527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1385632864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1449241391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817386.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 757719.604817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777638.155209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1279146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1279146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817386.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 758004.849015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777907.348900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817386.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 758004.849015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777907.348900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106810718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106810718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106810718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106810718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106810718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106810718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2136214.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2136214.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2136214.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2136214.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2136214.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2136214.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67221562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67221562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67221562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67221562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67221562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67221562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2100673.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100673.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2100673.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100673.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2100673.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100673.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692475773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692475773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702466330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702466330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702466330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702466330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539906.506927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539906.506927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539916.504352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539916.504352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539916.504352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539916.504352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889330191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889330191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892577202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892577202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892577202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892577202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527939.485679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527939.485679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527950.251187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527950.251187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527950.251187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527950.251187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.601088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              888971015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1601749.576577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.288602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.312486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.035719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1155168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1155168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1155168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1155168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1155168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     40700533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40700533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     40700533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40700533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     40700533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40700533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1155206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1155206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1155206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1071066.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1071066.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1071066.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1071066.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1071066.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1071066.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34785055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34785055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34785055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34785055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34785055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34785055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1242323.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242323.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1242323.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242323.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1242323.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242323.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              199459489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35964.567075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   184.522693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    71.477307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.720792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.279208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1743482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1743482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       303424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2046906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2046906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9068562058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9068562058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2159831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2159831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9070721889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9070721889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9070721889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9070721889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1762880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       303450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2066330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2066330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 467499.848335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467499.848335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83070.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83070.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 466985.270233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466985.270233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 466985.270233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466985.270233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1789382100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1789382100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1789766700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1789766700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1789766700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1789766700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338641.578350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338641.578350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338330.189036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338330.189036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338330.189036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338330.189036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              510.470117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              971659960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1875791.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.470117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1209598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1209598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1209598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1209598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1209598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95835626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95835626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95835626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95835626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95835626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95835626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1209648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1209648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1209648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916712.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1916712.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916712.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1916712.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916712.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1916712.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83435382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83435382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83435382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83435382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83435382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83435382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1940357.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940357.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1940357.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940357.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1940357.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940357.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148143607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33600.273758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.767698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.232302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.874093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.125907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       830514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       698346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1528860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1528860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1528860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1528860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        13243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        13243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4395614329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4395614329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8617240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8617240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4404231569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404231569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4404231569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404231569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       843653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       698450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1542103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1542103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 334547.098638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334547.098638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82858.076923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82858.076923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 332570.533036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332570.533036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 332570.533036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332570.533036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1187268778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187268778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1158957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1188427735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188427735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1188427735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188427735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 287126.669407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287126.669407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64386.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64386.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 286161.265350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286161.265350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 286161.265350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286161.265350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.459816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              971659112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1875789.791506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.459816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1208750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1208750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117090550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117090550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117090550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117090550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117090550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117090550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2341811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2341811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2341811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2341811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2341811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2341811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105212970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105212970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105212970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105212970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105212970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105212970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2446813.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2446813.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2446813.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2446813.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2446813.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2446813.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148143020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33607.763158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.768161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.231839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.874094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.125906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       830160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       698113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1528273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1528273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1528273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1528273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4414607714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4414607714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8681723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8681723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4423289437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4423289437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4423289437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4423289437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       843309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       698217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1541526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1541526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335737.144574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335737.144574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83478.105769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83478.105769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333757.597299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333757.597299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333757.597299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333757.597299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1194948589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194948589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1158883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1196107472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196107472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1196107472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196107472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288983.939299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288983.939299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64382.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64382.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288010.467614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288010.467614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288010.467614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288010.467614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              513.252046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              972823568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1878037.776062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.252046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1144227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1144227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              153883943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28271.898402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.036275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.963725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.886860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       805414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       679404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1484818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1484818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1484818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1484818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7679595179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7679595179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    422481255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    422481255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8102076434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8102076434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8102076434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8102076434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       823390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       679937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1503327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1503327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427213.795004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427213.795004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 792647.757974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792647.757974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437737.124318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437737.124318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437737.124318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437737.124318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2431818                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 607954.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1780657278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780657278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       970620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781627898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781627898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781627898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781627898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 344287.950116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344287.950116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 343479.448236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343479.448236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 343479.448236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343479.448236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.511547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              888967449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1598862.318345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.197692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.313855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.037176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1151602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1151602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1151602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1151602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1151602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1151602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70300063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70300063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70300063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70300063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70300063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70300063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1151640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1151640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1151640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1151640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1151640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1151640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1850001.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1850001.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1850001.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1850001.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1850001.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1850001.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57023116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57023116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57023116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57023116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57023116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57023116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1966314.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966314.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1966314.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966314.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1966314.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966314.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              199453584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36172.213275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.459590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.540410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.720545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.279455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1738664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1738664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2041010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2041010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2041010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2041010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9274353707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9274353707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2222503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2222503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9276576210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9276576210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9276576210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9276576210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1757951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1757951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2060323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2060323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2060323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2060323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 480860.357080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480860.357080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85480.884615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85480.884615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 480328.080050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480328.080050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 480328.080050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480328.080050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1823368435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823368435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1823753035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823753035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1823753035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823753035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 347109.924805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347109.924805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 346787.038410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346787.038410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 346787.038410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346787.038410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              574.806421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1001082368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1720072.797251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.079724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.726697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.921164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1074478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1074478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1074478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1074478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1074478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84449264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84449264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84449264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84449264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84449264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84449264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1074531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1074531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1074531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1593382.339623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1593382.339623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1593382.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1593382.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1593382.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1593382.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64117899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64117899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64117899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64117899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64117899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64117899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1644048.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1644048.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1644048.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1644048.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1644048.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1644048.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              393109292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             51373.404600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   110.844037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   145.155963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.432985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.567015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2803576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2803576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1534939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1534939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4338515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4338515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4338515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4338515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        27278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        27278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14619313434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14619313434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10212214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10212214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14629525648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14629525648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14629525648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14629525648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2830836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2830836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1534957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1534957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4365793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4365793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4365793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4365793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 536291.762069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 536291.762069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 567345.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 567345.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 536312.253391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 536312.253391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 536312.253391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 536312.253391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3865184332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3865184332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2983076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2983076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3868167408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3868167408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3868167408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3868167408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523029.002977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523029.002977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 497179.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 497179.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523008.032450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523008.032450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523008.032450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523008.032450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              510.432510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              971660165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1879420.048356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.432510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1209803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1209803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94949851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94949851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94949851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94949851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94949851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94949851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1937752.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1937752.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1937752.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1937752.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1937752.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1937752.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84939983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84939983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84939983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84939983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84939983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84939983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022380.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022380.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022380.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022380.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022380.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022380.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148144343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33585.205849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.785142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.214858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.874161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.125839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       830760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1529600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1529600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1529600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1529600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4404644396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4404644396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8770156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8770156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4413414552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4413414552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4413414552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4413414552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334903.010645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334903.010645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84328.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84328.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 332937.126735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332937.126735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 332937.126735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332937.126735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1185012227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1185012227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1176097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1176097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1186188324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186188324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1186188324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186188324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 286442.404399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286442.404399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65338.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65338.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 285484.554513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285484.554513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 285484.554513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285484.554513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              513.259109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              972823962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1878038.536680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.259109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1144621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1144621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              153885643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             28225.539802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.041058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.958942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       806185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       680319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1486504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1486504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7693415749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7693415749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380130271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    380130271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8073546020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8073546020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8073546020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8073546020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       824256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       680852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1505108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1505108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 425732.707044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425732.707044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713190.001876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 713190.001876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433968.287465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433968.287465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433968.287465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433968.287465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1189549                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 297387.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1767500099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1767500099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       975690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1768475789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768475789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1768475789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768475789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 341150.376182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341150.376182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        65046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340353.308122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340353.308122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340353.308122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340353.308122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.324615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              974825575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1973331.123482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.324615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1242014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1242014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2086751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347791.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              144469202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35875.143283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.630793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.369207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.861839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.138161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       988686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       732880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1721566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1721566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2205836669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2205836669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8213726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8213726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2214050395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2214050395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2214050395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2214050395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       732989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1731306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1731306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229035.060638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229035.060638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75355.284404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75355.284404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    936107571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936107571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1299401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    937406972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    937406972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    937406972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    937406972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 249429.142286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249429.142286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72188.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72188.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              572.417356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001087952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1723042.946644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.116843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.300513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.049867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1080062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1080062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1080062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1080062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1080062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1080062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107841167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107841167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107841167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107841167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107841167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107841167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1080119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1080119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1080119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1080119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1080119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1080119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1891950.298246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1891950.298246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1891950.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1891950.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1891950.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1891950.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72661690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72661690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72661690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72661690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72661690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72661690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1912149.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912149.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1912149.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912149.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1912149.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912149.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              393128997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             51228.693901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.860891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.139109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2816185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2816185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1542039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1542039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4358224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4358224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4358224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4358224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        27354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        27354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14301971568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14301971568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8070608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8070608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14310042176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14310042176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14310042176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14310042176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2843516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2843516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1542062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1542062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4385578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4385578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4385578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4385578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 523287.533131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 523287.533131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       350896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       350896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 523142.581560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 523142.581560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 523142.581560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 523142.581560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3775824569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3775824569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2391818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3778216387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3778216387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3778216387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3778216387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509489.214546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509489.214546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 341688.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341688.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509330.869102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509330.869102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509330.869102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509330.869102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.402524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              977213672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1857820.669202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.402524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.045517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1110157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1110157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1110157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1110157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1110157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52919153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52919153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52919153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52919153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52919153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52919153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1110207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1110207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1110207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1058383.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1058383.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1058383.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1058383.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1058383.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1058383.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42965234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42965234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42965234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42965234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42965234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42965234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1193478.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1193478.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1193478.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1193478.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1193478.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1193478.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              162719016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             23932.786586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   228.034706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    27.965294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.890761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.109239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       768717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        768717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       635324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1404041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1404041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1404041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1404041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7798096945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7798096945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     65175959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65175959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7863272904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7863272904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7863272904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7863272904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       785934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       785934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       635417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1421351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1421351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1421351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1421351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 452930.065923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452930.065923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 700816.763441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 700816.763441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 454261.866205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454261.866205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 454261.866205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454261.866205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3027288073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3027288073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7548286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7548286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3034836359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3034836359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3034836359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3034836359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 463738.981771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463738.981771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 503219.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503219.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 463829.490906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463829.490906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 463829.490906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463829.490906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              551.130829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              888972415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1593140.528674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.818336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.312493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.039773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1156568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1156568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78573945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78573945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78573945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78573945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78573945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78573945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1964348.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1964348.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1964348.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1964348.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1964348.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1964348.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64668049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64668049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64668049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64668049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64668049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64668049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2086066.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2086066.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2086066.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2086066.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2086066.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2086066.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              199462154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36023.506231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.542795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.457205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.720870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.279130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1745419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1745419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       304152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       304152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2049571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2049571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2049571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2049571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9053583774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9053583774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2162589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2162589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9055746363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9055746363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9055746363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9055746363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1764750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1764750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       304178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       304178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          714                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          714                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2068928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2068928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2068928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2068928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 468345.340334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 468345.340334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83176.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83176.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 467827.987963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467827.987963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 467827.987963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467827.987963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1791701526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1791701526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1792086126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792086126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1792086126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792086126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339659.057062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339659.057062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339345.981064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339345.981064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339345.981064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339345.981064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.478240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              971661260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1875793.938224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.478240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1210898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1210898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148145742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33547.495924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.801689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.198311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.874225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.125775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       831623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       699368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1530991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1530991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4438616988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4438616988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8675131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8675131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4447292119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4447292119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4447292119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4447292119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       844794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       699472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1544266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1544266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336999.239845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336999.239845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83414.721154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83414.721154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335012.589002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335012.589002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335012.589002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335012.589002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1174612827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174612827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1158915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1175771742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175771742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1175771742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175771742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283585.907050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283585.907050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64384.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64384.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 282637.437981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282637.437981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 282637.437981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282637.437981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.976733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              977216645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1850789.100379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.976733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1113130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1113130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79571139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79571139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79571139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79571139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79571139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79571139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1446747.981818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1446747.981818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1446747.981818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1446747.981818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1446747.981818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1446747.981818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57518076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57518076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57518076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57518076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57518076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57518076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1513633.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1513633.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1513633.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1513633.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1513633.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1513633.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              162721044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             23996.614659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.001809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.998191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.890632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.109368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       769917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        769917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       636186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1406103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1406103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7668602561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7668602561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64950578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64950578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7733553139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7733553139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7733553139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7733553139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       787038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       636279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1423317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1423317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447906.229835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447906.229835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 698393.311828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 698393.311828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449259.506158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449259.506158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449259.506158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449259.506158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2980900787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2980900787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6968253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6968253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2987869040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2987869040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2987869040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2987869040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457825.339733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457825.339733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 497732.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 497732.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457910.963985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457910.963985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457910.963985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457910.963985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              513.269595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              972824485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1878039.546332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.269595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.050112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1145144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1145144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1145144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1145144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1145144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99644395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99644395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99644395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99644395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99644395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99644395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1145197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1145197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1145197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1880082.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1880082.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1880082.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1880082.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1880082.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1880082.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67062929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67062929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67062929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67062929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67062929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67062929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862859.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1862859.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862859.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1862859.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862859.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1862859.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              153886426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             28236.041468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.097097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.902903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       806940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       680359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1487299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1487299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1487299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1487299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7798408711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7798408711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    389813619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    389813619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8188222330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8188222330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8188222330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8188222330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       825013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       825013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       680875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1505888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1505888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 431494.976540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431494.976540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755452.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755452.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440487.510356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440487.510356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440487.510356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440487.510356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1805144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       451286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1780172970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780172970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2346775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2346775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1782519745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1782519745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1782519745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1782519745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343795.475087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343795.475087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 146673.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146673.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343188.245090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343188.245090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343188.245090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343188.245090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
