
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10636575375                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537738638283                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 422272                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   540152                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 281407                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67613316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37797.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15960950195                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20416575067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       256512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       408960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       184960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       182144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       183040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       381824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       252672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       251904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       148992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       147456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       384768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       379008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       184320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       391168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4318336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1144320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1144320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       397120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24116033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       433222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     38448465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       457290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17389056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       457290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17124309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17208546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       421188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     35897268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       336951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23755014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       433222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23682811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       324917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23947557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     14007516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       409154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13863109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       433222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36174049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       445256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     35632521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       469324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17328886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       336951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23959591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       457290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36775747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               405989320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       397120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       433222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       457290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       457290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       421188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       336951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       433222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       324917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       409154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       433222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       445256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       469324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       336951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       457290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6678841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         107583499                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              107583499                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         107583499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       397120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24116033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       433222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     38448465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       457290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17389056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       457290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17124309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       469324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17208546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       421188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     35897268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       336951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23755014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       433222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23682811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       324917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23947557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       397120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     14007516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       409154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13863109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       433222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36174049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       445256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     35632521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       469324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17328886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       336951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23959591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       457290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36775747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              513572819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069666                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698011                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855987                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810778                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19818321                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11771593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069666                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1022453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2590895                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        581527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       657626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222581                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23439639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20848744     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         279413      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         326724      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178487      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         208585      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112434      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          76937      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         199137      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1209178      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23439639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19656424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       822921                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2570112                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       370648                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       334730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2149                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14367423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11207                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       370648                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19687279                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        244945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       491921                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2560093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        84747                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14357390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        39907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19954689                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66862819                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66862819                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2929153                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3852                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          229666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1370663                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       746956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19007                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       163627                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14333319                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3860                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13538637                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1798403                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4167080                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          517                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23439639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17730750     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300316      9.81%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234000      5.26%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       851326      3.63%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745647      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381001      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91978      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60086      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44535      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23439639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3310     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12554     42.94%     54.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13370     45.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11333869     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211794      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1250540      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       740776      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13538637                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530773                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29234                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50562559                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16135717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13313828                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13567871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34185                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       241922                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16411                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       370648                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        196911                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14337202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1370663                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       746956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9615                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119055                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       234309                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13337169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1865872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           740521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522875                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13314087                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13313828                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7918237                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20736850                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206492                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23068991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18056964     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323929     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975039      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583266      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406359      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261661      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136865      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109316      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215592      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23068991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       215592                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37190628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29045261                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306702                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2067737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392044                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392044                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60174746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18479406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13410862                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1988932                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1794337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       740972                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707672                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4607                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21053613                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12514307                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1988932                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       817093                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2472883                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        335303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       479978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1210724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106809                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24232703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21759820     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          88041      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         180357      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          75145      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         409735      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         365336      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          70131      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         148681      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1135457      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24232703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077975                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.490615                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20936200                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       598931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2463873                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       225981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       174775                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14675767                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       225981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20958060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        422034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       109835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2451142                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        65644                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14667496                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        27415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        24296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          292                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17232912                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     69079387                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     69079387                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15242601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1990311                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          870                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          168996                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3456941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1746850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15701                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        85853                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14637155                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14059466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7525                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1155016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2778339                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24232703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19242063     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489370      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1228339      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       530683      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       673461      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651327      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369760      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29270      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18430      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24232703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35532     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277443     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8035      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8825198     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122855      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          841      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3367995     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1742577     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14059466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.551192                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            321010                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52680170                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15794253                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13936699                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14380476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25428                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138032                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1247                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       225981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        385453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18132                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14638892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3456941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1746850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60866                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       124759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13959017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3356357                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5098769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1828112                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1742412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.547254                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13937219                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13936699                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7531045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14846603                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507257                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11311945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13293135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1347045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1699                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       108565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24006722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19188226     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1757003      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824761      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       816246      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221231      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949001      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71123      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51843      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127288      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24006722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11311945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13293135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5054228                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3318909                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               848                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1755075                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11821101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       128726                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       127288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38519575                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29506374                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                463425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1274673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11311945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13293135                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11311945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.254906                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.254906                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68996912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16193525                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      17462738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1696                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2107111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1723844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206768                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       864485                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217365                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9464                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20262806                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11782643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2107111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1044435                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2458345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        566221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       461971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1240955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206799                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23539889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21081544     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         114567      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         181756      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         246023      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         253215      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         215219      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         119369      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         177846      0.76%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1150350      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23539889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082608                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461931                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20058356                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       668478                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2453618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       356502                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       346855                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14455814                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       356502                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20113821                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        135906                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       406833                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2401849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       124976                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14449610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        16997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        54523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     20164257                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67218513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67218513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17452035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2712181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1884                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          377430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352940                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       732517                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8652                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       228903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14430088                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13694722                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1610045                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3866152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23539889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17703319     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2432450     10.33%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1223479      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       895339      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706930      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288502      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182577      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94739      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12554      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23539889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2807     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8427     37.08%     49.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11491     50.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11516675     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204469      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1716      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1241843      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730019      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13694722                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22725                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50954071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16043808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13486428                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13717447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28203                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218862                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11042                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       356502                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        107811                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12249                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14433730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352940                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732517                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1886                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10336                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       236433                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13503581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1168030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1897976                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1919108                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           729946                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13486541                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13486428                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7742687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20862367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528727                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10174010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12519438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1914277                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3466                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       209148                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23183387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18011655     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2581059     11.13%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958560      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458449      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406664      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222339      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180902      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87923      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275836      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23183387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10174010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12519438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1855551                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1134078                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1728                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1805483                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11279805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       257858                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       275836                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37341188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29223975                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                308595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1967487                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10174010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12519438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10174010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.507111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.507111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60774936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18786670                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13401477                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3464                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2107729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1724293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865772                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827531                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9381                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20267132                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11785995                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2107729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1044898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2458725                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        566762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       459600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1241286                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23542646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21083921     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         114616      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         181887      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         246075      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         253091      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         214710      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         120129      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         177753      0.76%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1150464      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23542646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082632                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462062                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20061581                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       667168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2454209                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       356924                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       347004                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14458223                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       356924                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20117304                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        136463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       404601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2401981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       125371                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14452154                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        54743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20165898                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67227588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67227588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17454448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2711450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          378678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       732530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8780                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       289677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14432863                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13698323                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2017                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1610041                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3859426                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23542646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17658367     75.01%     75.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2489690     10.58%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241649      5.27%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       876342      3.72%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697340      2.96%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288744      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183062      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94759      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12693      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23542646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2841     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8400     36.95%     49.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11493     50.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11520274     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204474      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1716      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1241768      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730091      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13698323                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.537034                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50964043                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16046547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13490321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13721057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10951                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       356924                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        108131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12204                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14436469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1851                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10357                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       236283                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13507477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1168242                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1898260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1919415                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           730018                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13490434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13490321                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7744292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20866589                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528879                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10175427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12521203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1915276                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3464                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       209264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23185722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17974394     77.52%     77.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2619352     11.30%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       954721      4.12%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458156      1.98%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       431322      1.86%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223673      0.96%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       165002      0.71%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88540      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270562      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23185722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10175427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12521203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1855818                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1134239                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1728                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1805722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11281405                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       257895                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       270562                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37351561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29229900                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                308774                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1964730                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10175427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12521203                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10175427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.506762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.506762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398921                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398921                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60793562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18790040                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13405078                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3460                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25507373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2104926                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722488                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9404                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20262866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11772413                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2104926                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1043593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2456680                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        568581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       460645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1241387                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207526                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23538685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21082005     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         114530      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         182529      0.78%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         245478      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         252495      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         214583      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         120043      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         177527      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1149495      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23538685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20058214                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       667311                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2452167                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       358228                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       346059                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14444774                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       358228                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20113748                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        135903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       405685                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2400159                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       124960                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14438714                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        54573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20146942                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67169167                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67169167                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17424637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2722303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3566                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1851                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          377897                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1353092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       731263                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       228804                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14419380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3577                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13680718                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1619512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3884512                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23538685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17709321     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2430490     10.33%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1220545      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893149      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706889      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288039      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182551      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94974      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12727      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23538685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2849     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8397     36.95%     49.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11482     50.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11505993     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203990      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1713      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240355      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728667      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13680718                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536344                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22728                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50924867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16042529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13471440                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13703446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27867                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       358228                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        107706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12245                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14422979                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1353092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731263                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10338                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119908                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116947                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       236855                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13488561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1894753                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1915791                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           728606                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13471569                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13471440                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7733947                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20844163                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528139                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371037                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10158038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12499892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1923092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3456                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       209780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23180457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18017001     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2577173     11.12%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956666      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457355      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406384      1.75%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222051      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180642      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87801      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275384      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23180457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10158038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12499892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1852670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1132324                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1802694                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11262194                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       257470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       275384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37327979                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29204211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                309109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1968688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10158038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12499892                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10158038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.511053                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.511053                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60708745                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18765363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13388476                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25507372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2071769                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1694472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852328                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9104                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20079074                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11758837                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2071769                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1026522                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2462810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        593823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       359735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1236611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23287073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20824263     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         133946      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         210819      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         334771      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         138739      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         155152      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         165643      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         107303      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1216437      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23287073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081222                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19892946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       547662                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2454842                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       385182                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       339415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14355780                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1613                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       385182                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19925023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        173941                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       282761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2429850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        90303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14345839                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         2574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        24696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        33845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5058                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19914814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     66728520                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     66728520                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16962173                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2952641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3630                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          271461                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1367977                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       734702                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22110                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       167176                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14322937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3641                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13540159                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17261                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842559                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4124173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          331                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23287073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17581253     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288092      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1252013      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854437      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       800007      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228236      0.98%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179989      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60780      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42266      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23287073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3266     12.78%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9865     38.59%     51.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12431     48.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11342277     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214236      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251983      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730022      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13540159                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530833                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50410214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16169292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13318907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13565721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248393                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22791                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          883                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       385182                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        119537                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12131                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14326601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1367977                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734702                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1988                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117836                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117419                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       235255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13345083                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1906818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1876852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           729613                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523185                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13319143                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13318907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7788288                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20345754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522159                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9963882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12213048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2113590                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3310                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       207986                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22901891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17942457     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2402227     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935707      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       504140      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376015      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210134      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130851      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115729      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284631      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22901891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9963882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12213048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1831495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1119584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1753031                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11004976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       248133                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       284631                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36943833                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29038497                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                325947                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2220299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9963882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12213048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9963882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.559983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.559983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60178076                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18463928                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13389355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1929509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728244                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154936                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1307377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1275253                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4612                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20494228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10972713                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1929509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1387520                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2446768                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        510290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       301649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1240490                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151662                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23597163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21150395     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         378912      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         184252      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         373710      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         114264      0.48%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         347595      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          52752      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          85922      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         909361      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23597163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075645                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430178                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20233116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       567816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2441688                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1984                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       352558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       177056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12233983                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4657                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       352558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20262783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        344007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       135184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2414428                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        88197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12214730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        71436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15965438                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55294462                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55294462                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12904833                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3060579                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          187567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2243444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       347058                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3052                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        78881                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12150017                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11362093                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2222025                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4576439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23597163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18611193     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553860      6.58%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1689312      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975182      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493380      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123852      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144164      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3461      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2759      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23597163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18635     57.48%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7571     23.35%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6215     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8885522     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86405      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2045644     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       343738      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11362093                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445443                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32421                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46361127                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14373667                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11071105                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11394514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460548                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8728                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       352558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        226148                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10798                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12151616                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2243444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347058                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          255                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       163900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11219549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2017263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2360964                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1708468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           343701                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.439855                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11073892                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11071105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6710572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14458428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.434035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.464129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8836462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9912856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2239228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       153784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23244605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19574324     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1427881      6.14%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931795      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289966      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490971      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92712      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59060      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53485      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324411      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23244605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8836462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9912856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2121219                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1782889                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1524377                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8651911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       324411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35072252                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24657010                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                460013                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1910213                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8836462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9912856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8836462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.886605                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.886605                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.346428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.346428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52212631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14390071                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13052441                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2074863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702185                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204794                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       860105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         811712                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212635                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19821541                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11794753                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2074863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1024347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2594883                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        581443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       645347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1222290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23435142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20840259     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         280427      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         325114      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         178822      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         208722      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         112735      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          77453      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         200353      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1211257      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23435142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19659984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       810278                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2574268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19393                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       371213                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       335747                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2159                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14396282                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11321                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       371213                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19690612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        256603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       467371                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2564303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        85034                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14386604                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        22164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19992457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     66993441                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     66993441                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17054206                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2938246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3767                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2099                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          229019                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1376485                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       748480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19937                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       165244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14362634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3772                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13565465                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18649                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4193468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23435142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17715869     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2303214      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235267      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855291      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747038      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382392      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91528      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59780      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44763      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23435142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3391     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12800     43.50%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13233     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11352157     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212227      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1661      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256659      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742761      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13565465                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531825                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29424                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50614145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16173339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13338572                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13594889                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245847                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16712                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       371213                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        208439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14389                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14366427                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1376485                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114700                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13364279                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179866                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1922387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1869659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           742521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13338874                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13338572                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7931612                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20769938                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522930                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10016766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12289331                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2077310                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       205831                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23063929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18043454     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2327795     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       976437      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       585648      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406155      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261936      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136565      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109484      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216455      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23063929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10016766                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12289331                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1862403                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1130635                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1758755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11079432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       250037                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       216455                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37214050                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29104513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                305374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2072234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10016766                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12289331                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10016766                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.546468                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.546468                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60293407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18512669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13437943                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1931274                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728942                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154006                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1291979                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1274735                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4552                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20493163                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10984708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1931274                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1386981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2448313                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        508838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       302576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1239933                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150777                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23598049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21149736     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         379256      1.61%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         184044      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         373606      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         114321      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         347216      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          52701      0.22%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          86318      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         910851      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23598049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430648                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20227604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       573134                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2443328                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1944                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       352038                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       177940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12246460                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4625                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       352038                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20257622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        347118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       136000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2415700                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        89565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12227615                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        72777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15979458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     55352365                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     55352365                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12922425                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3057028                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          189576                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2244335                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       348544                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        79508                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12163483                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11375117                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7365                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2221888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4577737                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23598049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18606384     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556226      6.59%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1690009      7.16%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       977160      4.14%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493764      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123946      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144223      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3427      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2910      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23598049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18631     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7625     23.47%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6236     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8895083     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86502      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          786      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2047557     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345189      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11375117                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.445954                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32492                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46388140                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14387005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11085642                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11407609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8966                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459345                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       352038                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        227408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12165087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2244335                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348544                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103319                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59646                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       162965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11234148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2019448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2364617                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1711091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           345169                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.440427                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11088591                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11085642                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6717349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14474534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.434605                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.464081                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8848046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9926093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2239507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1583                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       152852                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23246011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19570514     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1430107      6.15%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933112      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290105      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491743      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92948      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59267      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53587      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324628      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23246011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8848046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9926093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2123856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1784987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1526361                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8663561                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       120650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       324628                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35086957                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          24683495                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                459248                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1909327                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8848046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9926093                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8848046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.882826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.882826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.346882                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.346882                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       52279318                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14406538                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13067842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1582                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2312237                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925269                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211843                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879117                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         842984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248584                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9799                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20101452                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12684922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2312237                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1091568                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2643011                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        590973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       665807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1250134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23787461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21144450     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         161927      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         203387      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         325425      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         136151      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         174550      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         204522      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          93692      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1343357      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23787461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19983133                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       795756                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2630387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       376904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       351644                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15506020                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1651                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       376904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20003947                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         64597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       674230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2610798                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        56978                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15409933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21521181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71656169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71656169                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17971001                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3550177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3714                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          200839                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       753874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8341                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       167145                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15042702                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14421252                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15819                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1848233                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3775341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23787461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17682125     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2780951     11.69%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138637      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638516      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       865955      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267046      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262437      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140545      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11249      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23787461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100163     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13655     10.78%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12878     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12148044     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196909      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1782      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1323143      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751374      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14421252                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565376                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126696                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52772480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16894759                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14042774                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14547948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           98                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       376904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15046438                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           98                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124780                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119516                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       244296                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14168856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1300619                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2051842                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2002798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           751223                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14042879                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14042774                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8412956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22605407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550538                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372166                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10455324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12883381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2163114                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       213430                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23410557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17959030     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2762494     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003144      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499543      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456885      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192307      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190055      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90227      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256872      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23410557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10455324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12883381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1910454                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1168111                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1867454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11599178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       266034                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       256872                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           38200102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30469912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                307013                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1719915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10455324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12883381                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10455324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.439654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.439654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409894                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409894                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63750362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19622337                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14337723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2311523                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1924094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       883888                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         844946                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248463                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9791                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20106721                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12676274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2311523                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1093409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2642694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        590796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       658399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1250278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23784932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21142238     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         162038      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         203891      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         325192      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         136614      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         175571      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         203669      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          93752      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1341967      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23784932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496965                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19988266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       788323                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2630217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       376838                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       352090                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15498631                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       376838                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20008786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         64719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       667047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2610955                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        56580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15404088                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        39341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21509033                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     71630016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     71630016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17971408                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3537625                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3729                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1947                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          198892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       754090                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8432                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       169154                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15039352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3744                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14417715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15022                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1845977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3771865                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23784932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17677820     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2784012     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139333      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638099      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864765      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266447      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262837      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140529      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11090      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23784932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99618     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13642     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12889     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12145192     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196898      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1782      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1322332      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751511      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14417715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565237                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52761533                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16889165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14040006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14543864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10645                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277873                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       376838                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         49410                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6357                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15043102                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754090                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1947                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       243784                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14165191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299953                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2051336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2003111                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           751383                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555337                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14040120                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14040006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8410619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22594997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10455549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12883659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159491                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       213337                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23408094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17954963     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2763697     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004070      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498808      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457369      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192067      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190499      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90375      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256246      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23408094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10455549                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12883659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1910492                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1168135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1867494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11599429                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       266041                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       256246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38194920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30463157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                307420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1722444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10455549                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12883659                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10455549                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.439602                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.439602                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.409903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.409903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63732867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19616184                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14329461                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2069666                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204234                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855859                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814818                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20071255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11744619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2069666                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1027006                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2460247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        593910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       360986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1236375                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205617                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23277749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20817502     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         133998      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         210247      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         333918      1.43%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         138959      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         155264      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         165961      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         107744      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1214156      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23277749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19887815                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       546249                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2452393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         6306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       384985                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       339003                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14340427                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       384985                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19918820                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        173491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       283991                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2428300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        88149                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14330826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         2658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        24506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        32891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4905                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19892911                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     66661492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     66661492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16944631                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2948275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3627                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1988                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          264310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1366823                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       733864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22019                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       167058                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14308270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3637                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13525081                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17183                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4127522                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          330                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23277749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17576887     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2287151      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1250541      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853830      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798441      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229060      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       178870      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60678      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42291      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23277749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3245     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10039     39.10%     51.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12390     48.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11329774     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214041      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1250362      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729265      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13525081                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530242                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25674                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001898                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50370768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16156035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13304683                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13550755                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248412                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          870                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       384985                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        119967                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12053                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14311924                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1366823                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1985                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8838                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116906                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       235586                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13330718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1904156                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1874568                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           728898                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522622                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13304912                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13304683                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7778539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20326092                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521601                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382687                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9953538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12200378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2111599                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3307                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       208262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22892764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17938762     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2398912     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935319      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503191      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376054      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210174      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130416      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115815      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284121      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22892764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9953538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12200378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1829578                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1118408                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1751211                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10993553                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       247875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       284121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36920555                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29008974                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                326033                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2229627                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9953538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12200378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9953538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.562644                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.562644                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       60112111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18444505                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13372862                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2069736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204317                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813812                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212282                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9099                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20080020                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11751190                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2069736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1026094                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2460744                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        595281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       362741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1236798                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205731                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23290041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20829297     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         133672      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         210240      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         334730      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         138661      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         154137      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         166190      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         108120      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1214994      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23290041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19894213                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       550379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2452810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       386257                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       338808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14346041                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       386257                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19926082                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        177463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       283544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2427946                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        88736                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14335942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        24649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        33561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4072                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19902229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66687468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66687468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16943460                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2958769                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3645                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2005                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          269827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1366850                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       733922                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21997                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       167303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14313516                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13527870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17163                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1849198                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4142303                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23290041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17588070     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288069      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1249843      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854734      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798406      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228471      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179543      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60564      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42341      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23290041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3241     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10011     39.03%     51.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12396     48.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11331985     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214152      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1250703      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729391      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13527870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25648                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001896                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50388592                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16166521                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13306226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13553518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39312                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       386257                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        121954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12365                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14317194                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1366850                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733922                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2003                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118461                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117255                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       235716                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13332356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1904315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1874345                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           729036                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522686                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13306452                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13306226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7781209                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20330789                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382730                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9952858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12199534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2117701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3307                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       208357                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22903784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17949096     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2399882     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935136      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503453      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375744      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210383      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130273      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116044      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283773      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22903784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9952858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12199534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1829449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1118333                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1751094                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10992792                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       247858                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       283773                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36937181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29020766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                326094                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2217335                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9952858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12199534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9952858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.562819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.562819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390195                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390195                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60120702                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18447133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13379518                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2105904                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206918                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       866107                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827439                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9451                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20263358                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11776650                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2105904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1044686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2457541                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        566359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       461632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1241024                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23539289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21081748     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         114779      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         182145      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         246138      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         252384      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         214505      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         120205      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         178218      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1149167      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23539289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20058662                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       668361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2452972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2798                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       356494                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       346662                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14448651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1551                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       356494                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20114167                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        136774                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       405919                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2400973                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       124960                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14442422                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        16904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        54505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20150580                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67186735                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67186735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17443873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2706707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          377375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       732401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       246234                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14422994                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13688661                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1974                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1609833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3858451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23539289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17691434     75.16%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2448953     10.40%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227619      5.22%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       889065      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       703626      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288825      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182405      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94680      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12682      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23539289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2809     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8408     37.01%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11499     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11512177     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204252      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1715      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240627      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729890      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13688661                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50941301                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16036478                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13481391                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13711377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11252                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       356494                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        108594                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14426618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10333                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119803                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116680                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       236483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13498477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1167408                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1897244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1918118                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           729836                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529199                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13481511                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13481391                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7738988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20856357                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528529                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371061                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10169244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12513654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1912975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       209296                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23182795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18001955     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2590910     11.18%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956913      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458162      1.98%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       413771      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223173      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       175869      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88067      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273975      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23182795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10169244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12513654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1854711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1133562                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1804656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11274591                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       257744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       273975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37335371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29209765                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                308682                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1968087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10169244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12513654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10169244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.508286                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.508286                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398679                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398679                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60753726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18777347                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13394939                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1929690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728175                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154609                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1306007                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1276292                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4652                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20496699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10971163                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1929690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1388667                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2446667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        508807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       298771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1240475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23595500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21148833     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         378887      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184133      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         373782      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         114462      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         348296      1.48%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          53027      0.22%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          85997      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         908083      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23595500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430117                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20232120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       568385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2441644                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       351403                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       177197                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12230175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       351403                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20262221                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        347058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       131779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2413876                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        89157                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12211362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        72394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15958194                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     55275253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     55275253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12909692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3048492                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          188134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2242807                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       347237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        78930                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12146463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11363550                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2213644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4552256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23595500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18607312     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555438      6.59%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1690689      7.17%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975285      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492628      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123517      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144432      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3402      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2797      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23595500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18701     57.54%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7575     23.31%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6225     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8885270     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86437      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2047089     18.01%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       343970      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11363550                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.445501                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32501                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46362538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14361730                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11073667                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11396051                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458676                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8899                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       351403                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        227274                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12148059                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          579                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2242807                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          801                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59227                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       163597                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11222280                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2018746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141270                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2362686                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1709340                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           343940                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.439962                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11076571                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11073667                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6710855                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14454247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.434136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.464283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8840585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9916979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2231549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       153456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23244097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19572385     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428670      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931905      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289997      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491182      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92986      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58731      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53464      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324777      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23244097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8840585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9916979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2122465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1784127                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1525059                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8655360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       120472                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       324777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35067822                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24648730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                459713                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1911876                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8840585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9916979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8840585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.885259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.885259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346589                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346589                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       52226228                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14390923                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13052443                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25507376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2070166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9150                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20070256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11748559                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2070166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1026224                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2460102                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        593362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       365078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1235972                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205233                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23280494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20820392     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         133819      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         209984      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         333743      1.43%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         138960      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         155437      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         165857      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         107943      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1214359      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23280494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19885040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       552131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2452142                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       384784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       339086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14342042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       384784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19916421                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        178740                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       284140                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2427752                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        88644                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14332357                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        24946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4452                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19895878                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     66667873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     66667873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16949090                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2946788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          267388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1365900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       733878                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       167784                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14310400                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3642                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13527279                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17079                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842285                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4122980                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          336                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23280494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17577944     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288114      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1250654      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854502      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798549      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228929      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179113      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60680      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42009      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23280494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3207     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10045     39.21%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12365     48.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11332121     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214079      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1249970      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729469      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13527279                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530328                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25617                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001894                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50377748                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16156485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13307238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13552896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40336                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247187                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22510                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       384784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        123894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14314065                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1365900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1991                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9286                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118061                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117259                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       235320                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13333252                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1904782                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1875056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           729139                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522721                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13307466                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13307238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7781771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20331599                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521702                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9956167                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12203653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2110464                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3306                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       207915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22895710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17939276     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2400912     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935357      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503506      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376101      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210185      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130425      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115954      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283994      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22895710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9956167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12203653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1830081                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1118713                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1751703                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10996508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       247951                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       283994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36925768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29013052                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                325728                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2226882                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9956167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12203653                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9956167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.561967                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.561967                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60124635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18447838                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13377386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          33750                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.016538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1248242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          66513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.766888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           280.093480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    20.661782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   878.867557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.491905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1375.910472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.984174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   608.949146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.494079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   598.174338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.570020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   594.532370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.793411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1166.366373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.794367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   835.080296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.480759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   849.589099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    17.426601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   845.381084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.121290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   498.863805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.417017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   500.102732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.102429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1168.025742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.387738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1167.655264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.982427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   610.395431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.441187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   846.874534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.194758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1205.045885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1152.828025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1391.431467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           938.701983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           961.336269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           954.310400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1285.289860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1383.249156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1194.744382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1353.146888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           770.481775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           796.786718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1306.064780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1326.471001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           927.961413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1349.011564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1287.949302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.041989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.018584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.018255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.018144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.025485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.025927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.025799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.015224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.015262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.035645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.035634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.018628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.025845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.036775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.035182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.042463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.028647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.029338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.029123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.039224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.042213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.036461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.041295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.023513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.024316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.039858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.040481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.028319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.041169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.039305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   56117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16224                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16224                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   217                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3691                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4982                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2723                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3701                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3583                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2699                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 33733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  33737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 33737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5119307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304036948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5468523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    487099941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6101299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    218843841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6092447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    214431222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6092395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    216458787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5282597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452676629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4164822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    297870652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5353141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    297225924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4028512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    300989751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4926684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177067781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174483607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5408435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    456266998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5627172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    447492595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6247660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    219562418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4198010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    301285595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5720147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    462924123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5113802207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       327759                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       316411                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        644170                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5119307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304364707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5468523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    487099941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6101299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    218843841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6092447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    214431222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6092395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    216458787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5282597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452676629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4164822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    297870652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5353141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    297542335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4028512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    300989751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4926684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177067781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174483607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5408435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    456266998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5627172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    447492595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6247660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    219562418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4198010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    301285595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5720147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    462924123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5114446377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5119307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304364707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5468523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    487099941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6101299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    218843841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6092447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    214431222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6092395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    216458787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5282597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452676629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4164822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    297870652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5353141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    297542335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4028512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    300989751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4926684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177067781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174483607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5408435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    456266998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5627172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    447492595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6247660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    219562418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4198010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    301285595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5720147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    462924123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5114446377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               89850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16224                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16224                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               221                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                90071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               90071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.391161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.308671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.305651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.408245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.375437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.133333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.018100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.343222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.413594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.374560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.343222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.413594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.374560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155130.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151866.607393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151903.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152456.945540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160560.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151449.024913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160327.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150689.544624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156215.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151369.781119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150931.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151752.138451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148743.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150896.986829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148698.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151183.074262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149204.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151251.131156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149293.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152120.086770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154536.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151461.464410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150234.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151785.428476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152085.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151128.873691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160196.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152473.901389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149928.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151323.754395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150530.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151480.406741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151596.425073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163879.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 158205.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161042.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155130.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151878.596307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151903.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152456.945540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160560.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151449.024913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160327.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150689.544624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156215.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151369.781119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150931.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151752.138451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148743.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150896.986829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148698.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151190.210874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149204.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151251.131156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149293.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152120.086770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154536.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151461.464410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150234.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151785.428476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152085.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151128.873691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160196.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152473.901389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149928.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151323.754395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150530.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151480.406741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151597.545040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155130.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151878.596307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151903.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152456.945540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160560.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151449.024913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160327.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150689.544624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156215.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151369.781119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150931.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151752.138451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148743.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150896.986829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148698.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151190.210874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149204.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151251.131156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149293.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152120.086770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154536.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151461.464410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150234.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151785.428476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152085.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151128.873691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160196.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152473.901389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149928.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151323.754395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150530.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151480.406741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151597.545040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            33733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             33737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            33737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3200299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    187411753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3370145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    301093461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3894307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    134705483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3889320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    131575291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3827454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    133189939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3246660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    278974649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2532729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    182880815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3253801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    182712262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2458674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185035604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3004895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109271747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3278234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107399582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3313300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    281268521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3472768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    275115557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3981151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    135707194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2571376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185308079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3509092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284995366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3149449508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       211918                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       199963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       411881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3200299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    187623671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3370145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    301093461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3894307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    134705483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3889320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    131575291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3827454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    133189939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3246660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    278974649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2532729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    182880815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3253801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    182912225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2458674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185035604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3004895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109271747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3278234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107399582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3313300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    281268521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3472768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    275115557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3981151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    135707194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2571376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185308079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3509092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284995366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3149861389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3200299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    187623671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3370145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    301093461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3894307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    134705483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3889320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    131575291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3827454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    133189939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3246660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    278974649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2532729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    182880815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3253801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    182912225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2458674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185035604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3004895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109271747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3278234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107399582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3313300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    281268521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3472768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    275115557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3981151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    135707194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2571376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185308079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3509092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284995366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3149861389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.391161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.308671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.305651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.408245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.133333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.343222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.413594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.374560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.343222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.413594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96978.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93612.264236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93615.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94238.954930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102481.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93221.787543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102350.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92463.310611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98139.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93139.817483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92761.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93521.504861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90454.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92644.789767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90383.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92936.043744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        91062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92982.715578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91057.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93876.071306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96418.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93228.803819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92036.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93569.035595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93858.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92913.055387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102080.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94241.106944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91834.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93072.867403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92344.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93257.645942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93364.050277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       105959                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99981.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102970.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96978.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93624.586327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93615.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94238.954930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102481.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93221.787543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102350.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92463.310611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98139.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93139.817483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92761.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93521.504861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90454.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92644.789767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90383.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92943.203760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        91062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92982.715578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91057.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93876.071306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96418.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93228.803819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92036.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93569.035595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93858.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92913.055387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102080.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94241.106944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91834.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93072.867403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92344.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93257.645942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93365.189228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96978.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93624.586327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93615.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94238.954930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102481.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93221.787543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102350.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92463.310611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98139.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93139.817483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92761.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93521.504861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90454.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92644.789767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90383.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92943.203760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        91062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92982.715578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91057.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93876.071306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96418.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93228.803819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92036.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93569.035595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93858.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92913.055387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102080.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94241.106944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91834.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93072.867403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92344.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93257.645942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93365.189228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              510.628949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940369.436047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.628949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7090639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7090639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7090639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7090639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7090639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7090639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161150.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161150.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161150.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161150.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161150.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161150.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5625637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5625637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5625637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5625637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5625637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5625637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165459.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165459.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165459.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165459.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165459.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165459.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158371650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26612.611326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.280817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.719183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       857443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1583941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1583941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1583941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1583941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2431660028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2431660028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53606141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53606141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2485266169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2485266169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2485266169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2485266169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       876839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       876839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1603793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1603793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1603793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1603793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125369.149722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125369.149722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117557.326754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117557.326754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125189.712321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125189.712321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125189.712321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125189.712321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    572472957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572472957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1352360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1352360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    573825317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573825317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    573825317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573825317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100822.993484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100822.993484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 79550.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79550.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100759.493766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100759.493766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100759.493766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100759.493766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              570.745072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1030793458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1777230.100000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.384234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.360839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1210677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1210677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7453188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7453188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7453188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7453188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7453188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7453188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158578.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158578.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158578.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158578.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158578.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158578.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6029505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6029505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6029505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162959.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162959.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162959.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162959.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162959.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162959.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              406446841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             48197.182616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.088911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.911089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3167333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3167333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1733567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1733567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4900900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4900900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4900900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4900900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        28845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        28845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3336690185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3336690185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2481331                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2481331                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3339171516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3339171516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3339171516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3339171516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3196148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3196148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1733597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1733597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4929745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4929745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4929745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4929745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115796.987159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115796.987159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82711.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82711.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115762.576391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115762.576391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115762.576391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115762.576391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    867374933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    867374933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       609106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       609106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    867984039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    867984039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    867984039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    867984039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106191.838026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106191.838026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67678.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67678.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106149.448331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106149.448331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106149.448331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106149.448331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              509.745697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              999936740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1937861.899225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.745697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1240905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1240905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1240905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1240905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1240905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10800309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10800309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10800309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10800309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10800309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10800309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1240955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1240955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1240955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 216006.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216006.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 216006.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216006.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 216006.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216006.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8849930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8849930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8849930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8849930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8849930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8849930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215851.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215851.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215851.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215851.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 215851.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215851.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4142                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152471437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34668.357663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.269910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.730090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.872148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.127852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       854176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       718042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       718042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1572218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1572218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        13330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        13330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1572499630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1572499630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9667955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9667955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1582167585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1582167585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1582167585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1582167585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       867398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       718150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       718150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1585548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1585548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1585548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1585548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118930.542278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118930.542278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89518.101852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89518.101852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118692.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118692.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118692.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118692.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    414384754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414384754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1383587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1383587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    415768341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    415768341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    415768341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    415768341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100481.269156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100481.269156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76865.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76865.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100378.643409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100378.643409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100378.643409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100378.643409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              509.927996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999937073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1937862.544574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.927996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.055974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1241238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1241238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1241238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1241238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1241238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10311595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10311595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10311595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10311595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10311595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10311595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1241286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1241286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1241286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 214824.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 214824.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 214824.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214824.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 214824.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214824.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8823498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8823498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8823498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8823498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8823498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8823498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 215207.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215207.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 215207.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215207.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 215207.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215207.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152471409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34636.848932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.257283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.742717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.872099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.127901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       854063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       718165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       718165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1730                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1730                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1572228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1572228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1568384161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1568384161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8381169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8381169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1576765330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1576765330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1576765330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1576765330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       867313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       718260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       718260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1730                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1730                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1585573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1585573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1585573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1585573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118368.615925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118368.615925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88222.831579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88222.831579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118154.014987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118154.014987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118154.014987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118154.014987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    412461317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412461317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1234256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1234256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    413695573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413695573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    413695573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    413695573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99893.755631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99893.755631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72603.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72603.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99781.855523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99781.855523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99781.855523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99781.855523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              511.261432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999937174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1934114.456480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.261432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1241339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1241339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10380155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10380155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10380155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10380155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10380155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10380155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 216253.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216253.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 216253.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216253.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 216253.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216253.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9059304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9059304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9059304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9059304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9059304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9059304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 215697.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215697.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 215697.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215697.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 215697.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215697.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152469262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34746.869189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.252297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.747703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.872079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.127921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       853158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       716927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1570085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1570085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1568385008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1568385008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9205152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9205152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1577590160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1577590160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1577590160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1577590160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       866311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       717033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1583344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1583344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119241.618490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119241.618490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86841.056604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86841.056604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118982.589939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118982.589939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118982.589939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118982.589939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    413044181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413044181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1246092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1246092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    414290273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414290273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    414290273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    414290273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100399.655080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100399.655080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69227.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69227.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100263.860842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100263.860842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100263.860842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100263.860842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.026274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1005694609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1911966.937262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.026274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.044914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1236564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1236564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1236564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1236564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1236564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7441961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7441961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7441961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7441961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7441961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7441961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1236611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1236611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1236611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158339.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158339.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158339.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158339.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158339.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158339.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5819471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5819471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5819471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161651.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161651.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161651.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7259                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167228306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             22252.602262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.552119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.447881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.888875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.111125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       856167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        856167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       708487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1564654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1564654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1564654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1564654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2206551721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2206551721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6939417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6939417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2213491138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2213491138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2213491138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2213491138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       874796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       708572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1583368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1583368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118447.137313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118447.137313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81640.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81640.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118279.958213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118279.958213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118279.958213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118279.958213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    770305981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    770305981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       991174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       991174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    771297155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771297155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    771297155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771297155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106337.103948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106337.103948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66078.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66078.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106253.913073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106253.913073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106253.913073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106253.913073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.662884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              919937634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1654564.089928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.332142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.330743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.035789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1240451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1240451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1240451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1240451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1240451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5803765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5803765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5803765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5803765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5803765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5803765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1240490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1240490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1240490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148814.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148814.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148814.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148814.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148814.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148814.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4588375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4588375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4588375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4588375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4588375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4588375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158219.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158219.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158219.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158219.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158219.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158219.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5572                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205256398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35219.011325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   192.003444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    63.996556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.750013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.249987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1848559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1848559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2185266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2185266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2185266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2185266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2083008239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2083008239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2547548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2547548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2085555787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2085555787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2085555787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2085555787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1867881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1867881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2204618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2204618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2204618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2204618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107805.001501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107805.001501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84918.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84918.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107769.521858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107769.521858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107769.521858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107769.521858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    559371819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559371819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       410859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       410859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    559782678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559782678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    559782678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559782678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100497.991197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100497.991197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68476.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68476.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100463.510050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100463.510050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100463.510050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100463.510050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.577474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001230336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1929152.863198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.577474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.049002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1222244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1222244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1222244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1222244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1222244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7448037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7448037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7448037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7448037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7448037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7448037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1222290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1222290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1222290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161913.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161913.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161913.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161913.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161913.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161913.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5965550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5965550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5965550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5965550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5965550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5965550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161231.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161231.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161231.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161231.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161231.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161231.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158376598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             26730.227511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   225.284372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    30.715628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.880017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.119983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       861225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        861225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       727722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1588947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1588947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1588947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1588947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2429183836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2429183836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54673193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54673193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2483857029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2483857029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2483857029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2483857029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       880766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       728173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       728173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1608939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1608939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1608939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1608939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124312.155775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124312.155775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121226.592018                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121226.592018                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124242.548469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124242.548469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124242.548469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124242.548469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    566104348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566104348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1190648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1190648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    567294996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567294996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    567294996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567294996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100124.575168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100124.575168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79376.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79376.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100069.676486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100069.676486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100069.676486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100069.676486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              548.394752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              919937081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1657544.290090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.064484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.330268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.035360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1239898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1239898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1239898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1239898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1239898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5282045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5282045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5282045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5282045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5282045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5282045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1239933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1239933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1239933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150915.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150915.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150915.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150915.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150915.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150915.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4475893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4475893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4475893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4475893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4475893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4475893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159853.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159853.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159853.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159853.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159853.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159853.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205258850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35213.389947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   193.231423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    62.768577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.754810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.245190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1850467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       337241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2187708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2187708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2187708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2187708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2087743538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2087743538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2407218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2407218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2090150756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2090150756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2090150756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2090150756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1869801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       337271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2207072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2207072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2207072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2207072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107983.011172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107983.011172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80240.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80240.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107940.030779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107940.030779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107940.030779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107940.030779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    561654197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561654197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    562038797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562038797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    562038797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562038797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100889.922220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100889.922220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100850.313476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100850.313476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100850.313476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100850.313476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              487.099030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1003039048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2047018.465306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.099030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1250090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1250090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1250090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1250090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1250090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7071611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7071611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7071611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7071611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7071611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7071611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1250134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1250134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1250134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160718.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160718.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160718.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160718.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160718.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160718.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5627594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5627594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5627594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5627594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5627594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5627594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160788.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160788.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160788.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160788.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160788.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160788.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148775667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             36807.438644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.907830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.092170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.859015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.140985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       996366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        996366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       738647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1735013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1735013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1735013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1735013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1017741942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017741942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5713974                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5713974                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1023455916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1023455916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1023455916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1023455916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1005996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       738710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1744706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1744706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1744706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1744706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105684.521495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105684.521495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        90698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105587.116063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105587.116063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105587.116063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105587.116063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    364000086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364000086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1097751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1097751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    365097837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365097837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    365097837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365097837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96526.143198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96526.143198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73183.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73183.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96433.660063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96433.660063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96433.660063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96433.660063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.631919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003039191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2042849.676171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.631919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1250233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1250233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1250233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1250233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1250233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7311960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7311960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7311960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7311960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7311960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7311960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1250278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1250278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1250278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       162488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       162488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       162488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       162488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       162488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       162488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5956163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5956163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5956163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5956163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5956163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5956163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165448.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165448.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165448.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165448.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165448.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165448.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148775013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36816.385301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   219.897635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    36.102365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.858975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.141025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       995697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       738649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1734346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1734346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1734346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1734346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1013785763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1013785763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6309406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6309406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1020095169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1020095169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1020095169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1020095169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1005329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       738724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1744053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1744053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1744053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1744053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105251.844165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105251.844165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84125.413333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84125.413333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105088.613269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105088.613269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105088.613269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105088.613269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          830                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             830                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    361514944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361514944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1175468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1175468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    362690412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362690412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    362690412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362690412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95918.000531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95918.000531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73466.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73466.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95823.094320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95823.094320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95823.094320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95823.094320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.837773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1005694370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1908338.462998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.837773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1236325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1236325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1236325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1236325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1236325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7989901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7989901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7989901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7989901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7989901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7989901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1236375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1236375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1236375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159798.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159798.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159798.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159798.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159798.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159798.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6182671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6182671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6182671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6182671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6182671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6182671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167099.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167099.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167099.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167099.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167099.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167099.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              167227080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             22225.821372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.552670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.447330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.888878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.111122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       855677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        855677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       707745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1563422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1563422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2214333365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2214333365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7514599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7514599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2221847964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2221847964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2221847964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2221847964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       874229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       707834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1582063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1582063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119358.202081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119358.202081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84433.696629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84433.696629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119191.457754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119191.457754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119191.457754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119191.457754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    774166008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    774166008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1002409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1002409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    775168417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775168417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    775168417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775168417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106737.351165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106737.351165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66827.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66827.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106654.983076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106654.983076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106654.983076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106654.983076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.685593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1005694795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1904724.990530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.685593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1236750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1236750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1236750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1236750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1236750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7928395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7928395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7928395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7928395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7928395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7928395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1236798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1236798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1236798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165174.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165174.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165174.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165174.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165174.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165174.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6367417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6367417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6367417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6367417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6367417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6367417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167563.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167563.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167563.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167563.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167563.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167563.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167227742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             22225.909357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.525145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.474855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.888770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.111230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       856382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        856382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       707690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1564072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1564072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1564072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1564072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2200898947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2200898947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7327919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7327919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2208226866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2208226866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2208226866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2208226866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       874978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       707780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1582758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1582758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118353.352710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118353.352710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81421.322222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81421.322222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118175.471797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118175.471797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118175.471797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118175.471797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    768101759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    768101759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       988512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       988512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    769090271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769090271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    769090271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    769090271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105901.249000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105901.249000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65900.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65900.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105818.694414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105818.694414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105818.694414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105818.694414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.082399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999936806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1934113.744681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.082399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1240971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1240971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1240971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1240971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1240971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10749727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10749727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10749727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10749727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10749727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10749727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202825.037736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202825.037736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202825.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202825.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202825.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202825.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9112992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9112992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9112992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9112992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9112992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9112992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       216976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       216976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       216976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       216976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       216976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       216976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152471294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34691.989534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.250844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.749156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.872074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.127926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       854377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       717726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1572103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1572103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1576551256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1576551256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8841203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8841203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1585392459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1585392459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1585392459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1585392459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       867544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       717831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1585375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1585375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1585375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1585375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119735.038809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119735.038809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84201.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84201.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119453.922468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119453.922468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119453.922468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119453.922468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415113558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    415113558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1261629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1261629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    416375187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    416375187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    416375187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    416375187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100731.268624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100731.268624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70090.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70090.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100598.015704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100598.015704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100598.015704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100598.015704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              549.077229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              919937620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1654564.064748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.746765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.330464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.036453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1240437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1240437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5710454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5710454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5710454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150275.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150275.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150275.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150275.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150275.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150275.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4646285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4646285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4646285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4646285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4646285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4646285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160216.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160216.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160216.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160216.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160216.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160216.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205257759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35261.597492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   191.998742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    64.001258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.749995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.250005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1849913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       336715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2186628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2186628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2186628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2186628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2094215622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2094215622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2578624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2578624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2096794246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2096794246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2096794246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2096794246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1869278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       336745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2206023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2206023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2206023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2206023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108144.364679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108144.364679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85954.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85954.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108110.041042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108110.041042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108110.041042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108110.041042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    561308646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561308646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       401550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       401550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    561710196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561710196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    561710196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561710196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100972.953049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100972.953049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        66925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100936.243666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100936.243666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100936.243666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100936.243666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.731409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1005693971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1901122.818526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.731409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.046044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1235926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1235926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1235926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1235926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1235926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1235926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7609657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7609657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7609657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7609657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7609657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7609657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1235972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1235972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1235972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1235972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1235972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1235972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165427.326087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165427.326087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165427.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165427.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165427.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165427.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6389943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6389943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6389943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6389943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6389943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6389943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163844.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163844.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163844.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163844.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163844.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163844.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167227096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22090.765654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.535707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.464293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.888811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.111189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       855486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        855486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       707950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1944                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1944                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1563436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1563436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2240295878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2240295878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6927300                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6927300                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2247223178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2247223178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2247223178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2247223178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       874249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       708032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1944                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1944                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1582281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1582281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119399.663060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119399.663060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84479.268293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84479.268293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119247.714407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119247.714407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119247.714407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119247.714407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    781306919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781306919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1007126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1007126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    782314045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    782314045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    782314045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    782314045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107043.008494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107043.008494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67141.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67141.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106961.176511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106961.176511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106961.176511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106961.176511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
