
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106119                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106118512365                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633220575273                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 311092                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   397852                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1908677                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55597.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17296090744                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22119751641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2601344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2582272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3854208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2530176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4198144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2653056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1496192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2652288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1891072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2536576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1464320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2620288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3776896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1910912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3754368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2634496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             43232896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12033664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12033664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        30111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        32798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        14774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        20471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        29507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        14929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        29331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                337757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           94013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                94013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        44629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24513574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24333850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36319846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23842928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39560901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25000878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14099255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        44629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24993641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17820378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23903237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        44629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13798912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24692091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     35591302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18007339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35379011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24825979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               407402017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        44629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        44629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43423                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        44629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             718894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         113398348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              113398348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         113398348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        44629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24513574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        39805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24333850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        48248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36319846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23842928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        53073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39560901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25000878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        44629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14099255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        44629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24993641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        48248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17820378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23903237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        44629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13798912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24692091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     35591302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18007339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35379011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        41011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24825979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              520800365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20687079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16963053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8592500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8093753                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91009                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197434983                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117591100                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20687079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10216992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25864080                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5741170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6501306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12161215                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233486311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207622231     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2800625      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3233500      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782861      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2072090      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1129296      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         770576      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2006285      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12068847      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233486311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081291                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462082                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195851066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8115283                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25659220                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       193715                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3667021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3359404                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18921                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143539398                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93927                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3667021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196154240                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2890685                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4365706                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25562897                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       845756                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143452335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       223355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199353653                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667973427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667973427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29061921                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37549                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2260193                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13680514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7465812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196502                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143244541                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37640                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135375363                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17885777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41349219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4190                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233486311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176440981     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22949476      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12320391      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8536772      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7460451      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3823788      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913587      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594397      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446468      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233486311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35485     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123958     42.67%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131086     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113314588     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118283      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12513768      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412140      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135375363                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531967                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            290529                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504714380                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161169227                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133147023                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135665892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341147                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2396831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          827                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165140                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2392710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143282299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13680514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7465812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103519                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2308960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133394892                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11753448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1980467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19163696                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18664448                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7410248                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524184                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133149134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133147023                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79133815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207271855                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523210                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20595618                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2035506                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229819290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179705479     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23236566     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9737049      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856247      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050803      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618761      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1355075      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093456      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165854      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229819290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165854                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370936274                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290234141                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3021276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20994535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.544808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.544808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392957                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392957                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601757337                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184792996                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133975584                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19323049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17244678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1534532                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12828780                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12591255                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159603                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46305                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204004230                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            109725616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19323049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13750858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24455500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5041237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3122751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12338955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1506483                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    235080543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      210625043     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3725674      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1881552      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3680050      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1184436      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3406739      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         539444      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         876525      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9161080      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    235080543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075931                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      201473867                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5699588                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24407551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3479938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1835201                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18099                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    122767988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        34173                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3479938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      201755574                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3442167                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1394345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24148348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       860165                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    122592035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        95419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       691854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    160690631                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    555612481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    555612481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    130339576                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30351038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8326                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1854539                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     22063655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3600166                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23740                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       820778                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        121954049                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16527                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       114209913                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73700                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21983025                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44962026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235080543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184970919     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15843735      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16709704      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9737516      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5007991      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1255642      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490782      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34676      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29578      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235080543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191602     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78390     23.42%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64677     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89586801     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896701      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8143      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20147944     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3570324      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    114209913                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448796                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334669                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463908735                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143953902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111321315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    114544582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4475296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          305                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3479938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2319936                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106069                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121970669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22063655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3600166                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8325                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2375                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          305                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1035496                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1628288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112761710                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19861134                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23431281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17140673                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3570147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443105                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            111345859                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           111321315                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67347897                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       146806349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437445                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458753                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88657034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     99834868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22140837                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16421                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1524860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231600605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194421776     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14613655      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9383743      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2953240      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4899069      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955504      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606884      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       554965      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211769      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231600605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     88657034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     99834868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21100417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17588359                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8194                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15315819                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        87253107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1250164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3211769                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          350364216                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         247434089                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4526354                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              19400303                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          88657034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            99834868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     88657034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.870397                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.870397                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      524094706                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     145069478                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     130347337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16404                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20615278                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16859347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2009056                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8492401                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8130053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2120761                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199982372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            117017292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20615278                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10250814                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24519273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5844326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3525385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12296107                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    231818252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      207298979     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1331442      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2101858      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3344481      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1381447      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1542258      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1652996      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1074091      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12090700      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    231818252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081009                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459828                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      198131402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5390550                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24443350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        62191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3790758                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3380754                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          466                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    142883030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3039                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3790758                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      198438852                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1725406                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2780527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24203858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       878838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    142803516                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents        24886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       246080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       332316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41118                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    198263353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    664334487                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    664334487                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    169226572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29036781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36110                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19745                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2645874                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13597105                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7311730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220416                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660485                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        142602225                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36217                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       134943796                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166231                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18123793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40385806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3218                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231818252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174933147     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22823224      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12484449      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8513335      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7962403      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2288903      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789872      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605042      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417877      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231818252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31423     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97833     38.83%     51.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122708     48.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113042191     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2135894      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16362      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12472414      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7276935      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    134943796                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530271                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251964                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502124039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160763733                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132774577                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    135195760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       405903                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428047                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          348                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1526                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       211523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8439                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3790758                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1153594                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120553                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142638571                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13597105                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7311730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19735                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1526                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173790                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1147060                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2320850                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133024423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11728297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1919373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19003440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18713947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7275143                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522729                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            132775597                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           132774577                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        77634134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       202835458                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521747                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382744                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99402737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    121842310                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20796459                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2051614                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228027494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178564263     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23956867     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9322680      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5025375      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3761432      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102641      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1294965      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158933      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2840338      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228027494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     99402737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    121842310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18269265                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11169058                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17489899                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       109789078                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2475191                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2840338                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          367825262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         289068503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3226563                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              22662594                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          99402737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           121842310                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     99402737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.560099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.560099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390610                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390610                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      599879596                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     184050316                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     133272871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20665159                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16939271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024034                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8599306                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2125382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91230                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197629975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117522198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20665159                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10212019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25859735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5724677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6585630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12171951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2010253                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    233744175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      207884440     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2805182      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3231469      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1784068      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2071081      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1129261      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         767166      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2003515      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12067993      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    233744175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461812                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      196030880                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8214230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25656468                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       192769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3649822                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3360483                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        19013                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143494897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        95482                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3649822                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      196331247                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2578409                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4783816                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25561542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       839333                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143410039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       216523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       393862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    199308369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    667819060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    667819060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    170461043                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       28847317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        38069                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21445                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2251086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13687047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7468049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198037                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1651608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143205000                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       135441182                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17722614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40872385                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4675                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233744175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176671265     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22957911      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12335648      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8532472      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7464118      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3827137      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913305      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595980      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446339      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233744175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34057     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125724     43.09%     54.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132012     45.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113368114     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119569      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16600      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12521062      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7415837      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    135441182                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532225                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291793                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505102461                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160967041                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133212756                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    135732975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       345167                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2392182                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          824                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160163                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8300                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3649822                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2097459                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       138428                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143243280                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13687047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7468049                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21435                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97053                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174354                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2308141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133458185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11761108                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1982997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19175189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18675961                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7414081                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524433                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            133214320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           133212756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        79173545                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       207365837                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523469                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100099336                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    122809808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20434471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2036009                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230094353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179939678     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23253122     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9744051      4.23%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5859929      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4055073      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2620540      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1357967      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093941      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2170052      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230094353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100099336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    122809808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18602747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11294861                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17576280                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       110717859                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2498554                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2170052                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          371167904                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         290138468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3026259                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              20736671                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100099336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           122809808                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100099336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.542283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.542283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393347                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393347                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      602054711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     184882114                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133917538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        33452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19778830                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17848236                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1038355                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7381652                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7070982                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093130                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45707                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209691127                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            124427880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19778830                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      8164112                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24603760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3261434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5044264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12037345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1043644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    241536348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      216932588     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         877269      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1795902      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         754235      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        4090364      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3639177      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         704100      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1478052      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11264661      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    241536348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488948                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      208514929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6233274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24513219                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        78241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2196680                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1735333                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          517                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    145908562                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2850                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2196680                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      208727385                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       4490284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1077059                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24393916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       651017                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    145833509                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       278036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       235885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3931                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    171220940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    686900791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    686900791                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    151915202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       19305738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16923                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8542                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1642140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     34411526                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     17406635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158375                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       840522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        145552768                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16976                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       139967799                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11203184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26825563                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241536348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191824661     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14870489      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12218466      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5282000      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6696873      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6489647      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3682414      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290217      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181581      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241536348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354369     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2763242     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80019      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87806144     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1222974      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8381      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33561699     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17368601     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    139967799                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550013                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3197630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524742239                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156776508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138767869                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    143165429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       250623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1320657                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          563                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3589                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104388                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12398                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2196680                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       4122120                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185128                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145569838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34411526                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17406635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8542                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       125948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3589                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604710                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1219036                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138982705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33447514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       985094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           50814743                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18208998                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         17367229                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546142                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            138772338                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           138767869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        74946937                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       147671064                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507526                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112758620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    132510000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13073979                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16894                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1061127                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239339668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191307966     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17514848      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8222276      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8128894      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212094      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9460459      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       708252      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515297      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269582      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239339668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    112758620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    132510000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             50393116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            33090869                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8434                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17498453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       117833444                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1283510                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1269582                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          383653727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         293364841                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4600230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              12944498                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         112758620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           132510000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    112758620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.256864                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.256864                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      687088248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     161150121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     173751795                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16868                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19313641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17235003                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12753648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12580622                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203908320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            109677628                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19313641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13739868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24440211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5044684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3137503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12334071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1507570                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    234986608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      210546397     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3720494      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1879941      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3676501      1.56%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1185482      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3402172      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         538725      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         877750      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9159146      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    234986608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430986                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      201374114                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5717942                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24392719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3482491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1835644                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18084                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    122720882                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34173                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3482491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      201656346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3461213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1392168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24132674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       861710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    122545569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        94968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       693812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    160636577                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    555409003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    555409003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130250842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30385728                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16461                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1856279                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22052214                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3598446                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       818288                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        121905467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16519                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114152020                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74189                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22007518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45022197                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234986608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184901951     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15847051      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16690367      7.10%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9726430      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5009600      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254631      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1492272      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34690      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29616      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234986608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191924     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78416     23.40%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64707     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89544371     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896567      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8140      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20134419     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3568523      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114152020                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335047                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463699884                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143929808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111260582                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    114487067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4481176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          312                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87699                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3482491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2337141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121922061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22052214                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3598446                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40877                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2393                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          312                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1035230                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594610                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1629840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112703942                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19848310                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  75                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23416685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17129637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3568375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.442878                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111284951                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111260582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67305473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       146746227                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437206                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458652                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88589145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     99763195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22163934                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16413                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1525783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231504117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194345474     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14609099      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9376639      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2952092      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4895362      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956604      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607647      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555408      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3205792      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231504117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     88589145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     99763195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21081785                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17571038                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8190                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15304350                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87191880                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1249691                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3205792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          350225129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         247339468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4525776                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19494238                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          88589145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            99763195                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     88589145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.872596                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.872596                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      523810464                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     144999247                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130282260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23032606                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19177949                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2093025                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8939693                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8439420                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2480293                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97439                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200515227                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            126361432                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23032606                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10919713                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26344067                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5814293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6925199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12448755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    237486751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      211142684     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1615295      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2045224      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3246680      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1354274      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1747264      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2041294      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         932182      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13361854      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    237486751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      199335479                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      8218295                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26218951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3701751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3504328                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    154432277                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2561                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3701751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      199537352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        646897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7009240                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26029581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       561923                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    153479791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        80978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       392425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    214403019                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    713770011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    713770011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    179581049                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34821964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37615                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1979808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14351160                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7516788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84346                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1693999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        149871572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       143856587                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142277                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18060709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36654347                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1822                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237486751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176526150     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27807843     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11369864      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6365405      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8631952      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2654968      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2614284      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405831      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110454      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237486751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991920     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132701     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128295     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121193592     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966991      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17809      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13184633      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7493562      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    143856587                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1252916                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526595118                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    167970737                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140118009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    145109503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106610                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2679171                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          711                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3701751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        492490                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149909328                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14351160                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7516788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          711                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1169988                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2413999                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141353894                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12969031                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2502693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20462046                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19992949                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7493015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555460                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            140118384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           140118009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        83953695                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       225516747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372273                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104476589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    128739668                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21170263                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2111005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233785000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179300418     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27609114     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10025142      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4997742      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4567371      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1921788      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1897286      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904208      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2561931      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233785000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    104476589                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    128739668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19088971                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11671989                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17922                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18660706                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       115907477                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2658484                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2561931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          381132272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         303521638                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3037334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              16994095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         104476589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           128739668                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    104476589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.435769                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.435769                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410548                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410548                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      636056537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     195805342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     142859105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        35896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20676869                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16955594                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023423                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8566401                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8087845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121291                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90909                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197343295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            117539560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20676869                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10209136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25860078                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5741453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6569102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12156941                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    233459097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      207599019     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2800843      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3238528      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1782227      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2072606      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1124826      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         766408      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2004528      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12070112      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    233459097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      195761485                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8180941                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25657097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       191848                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3667720                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3356947                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18905                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    143500594                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        93707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3667720                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      196061572                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2834979                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4493223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25561679                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       839918                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    143414622                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       221652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       391432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    199292387                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    667813721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    667813721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    170209053                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29083329                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37485                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20872                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2240892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13691008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7461479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196724                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1655710                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143206102                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37561                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       135327069                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17913663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41440004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233459097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176439992     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22933138      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12317869      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8530762      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7459953      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3825595      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       910772      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594640      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446376      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233459097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35445     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126931     43.22%     55.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131291     44.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113273504     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118005      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16576      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12511219      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7407765      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    135327069                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531777                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293667                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504594374                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161158609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133090918                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    135620736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341078                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2412781                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          851                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8286                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667720                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2340550                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147377                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143243785                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57539                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13691008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7461479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20861                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103639                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1136975                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2309400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133340461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11748464                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1986608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19154429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18655023                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7405965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523971                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133092979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133090918                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        79109754                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       207241517                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522990                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381727                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99951561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    122628428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20616384                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2035109                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229791377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179704553     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23224955     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9731986      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5849174      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4051129      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2613599      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1357935      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092510      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165536      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229791377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     99951561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    122628428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18575374                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11278224                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17550301                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110554362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2494862                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2165536                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          370869977                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290157420                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3022634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              21021749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          99951561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           122628428                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     99951561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.546042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.546042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      601493097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     184717010                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     133914292                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20978138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17164631                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2045983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8627150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8250576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93259                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201890000                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            117332324                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20978138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10417181                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24487248                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5594451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4798051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12351086                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048233                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    234697115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      210209867     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1144319      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1814000      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2452676      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2525672      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2137381      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1194404      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1774240      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11444556      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    234697115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199831931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6873294                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24443536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        26911                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3521441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3453522                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    143955635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3521441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200383197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1418489                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4195729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23926095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1252162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    143903827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       171085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       545817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    200805044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    669464283                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    669464283                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    174078879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26726165                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18489                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3744356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13458029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7300121                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86047                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1731994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143727272                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       136476982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18689                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15904375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38098370                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1222                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234697115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176949053     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23746396     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12022526      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9079025      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7132829      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2881695      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1815647      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944766      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125178      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234697115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26293     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83061     36.72%     48.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116863     51.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114780477     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039580      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17110      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12362379      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7277436      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    136476982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536296                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507895985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159667938                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134435280                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    136703199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278961                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2149196                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          557                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105847                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3521441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143763151                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57900                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13458029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7300121                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18495                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102996                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          557                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1189382                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151290                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2340672                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134599861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11635139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1877121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18912292                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19126888                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7277153                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528919                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            134435540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           134435280                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        77172370                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       207940881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528273                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101476663                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    124865864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18897320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34513                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2071877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231175674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179958249     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25386821     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9585972      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4574551      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3851051      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210982      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1933215      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873622      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2801211      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231175674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    101476663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    124865864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18503107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11308833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18005923                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       112502582                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2571253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2801211                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          372136945                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         291047868                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3057813                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19783731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         101476663                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           124865864                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    101476663                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.507777                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.507777                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398760                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398760                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      605806954                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     187261667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     133466548                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        34482                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20700515                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16972818                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023082                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8583488                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8096466                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126316                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197544537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117669590                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20700515                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10222782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25880422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5739547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6441926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12166655                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2007692                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    233551955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      207671533     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2804510      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3236109      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1783757      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2067963      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1128710      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         770735      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        2009877      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12078761      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    233551955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195955992                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8060474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25674620                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       194709                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3666154                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3362876                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18916                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143637169                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        93751                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3666154                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      196259427                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2911218                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4289135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25578922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       847093                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143551256                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       223439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       393738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199493324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    668425503                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    668425503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    170430561                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29062762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37614                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20985                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2256831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13693958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7471628                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197178                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143343921                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135485650                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188991                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17879865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41317274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4210                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233551955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176464569     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22963447      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12330862      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8542630      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7465354      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3828166      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       915324      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594425      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447178      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233551955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35805     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124701     42.75%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131188     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113401437     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120876      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16597      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12528557      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7418183      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135485650                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532400                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291694                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505003940                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161262738                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133252626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135777344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343514                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2401025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          841                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1269                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164983                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8297                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3666154                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2412671                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147791                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143381725                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13693958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7471628                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20966                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103925                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1269                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134974                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2309227                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133502837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11766595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1982813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19183027                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18681155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7416432                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524609                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133254775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133252626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        79195614                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       207414932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100081588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122788110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20595007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33476                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2034749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229885801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179730904     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23255947     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9745286      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5860724      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4053040      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2621571      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356614      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1094000      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2167715      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229885801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100081588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122788110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18599577                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11292933                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16701                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17573197                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110698319                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2498131                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2167715                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          371100527                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290432460                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3022777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              20928891                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100081588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122788110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100081588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.542734                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.542734                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      602238307                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184936155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     134068999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33446                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23047528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19188997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2093698                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8813017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8437755                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2480119                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200541712                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            126423725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23047528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10917874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26356468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5825536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6908409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12452023                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2001437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    237519414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      211162946     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1616816      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2043392      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3242574      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1358704      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1749639      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2036315      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         932701      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13376327      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    237519414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199362063                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      8201646                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26230854                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        12582                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3712267                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3508635                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          559                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    154535275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2347                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3712267                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      199564171                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        646729                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6991124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26041312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       563804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    153582621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        81093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       393471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    214516153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    714217000                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    714217000                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    179585902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34930250                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37206                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19396                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1983376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14378934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7521711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84559                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1704610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        149968925                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37341                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       143907623                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142385                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18138115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36872760                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237519414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176540934     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27810793     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11375144      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6371835      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8630952      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2658176      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615472      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405347      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110761      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237519414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        990760     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134781     10.75%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128311     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121237873     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967652      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17810      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13185177      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7499111      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    143907623                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1253852                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526730897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168145075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140166995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    145161475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107172                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2706614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          696                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104513                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           69                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3712267                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        491870                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150006274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14378934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7521711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19396                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54096                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          696                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239619                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2416938                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141403812                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12970952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2503811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20469580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20000395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7498628                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555656                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            140167281                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           140166995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        83982806                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       225594005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372274                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104479426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    128743195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21263696                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2111612                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233807147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179319320     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27615110     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10024930      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4994568      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4567729      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1918066      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900654      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904809      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2561961      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233807147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    104479426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    128743195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19089517                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11672320                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17922                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18661241                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       115910632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2658556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2561961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          381251349                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         303726072                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3041045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              16961432                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         104479426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           128743195                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    104479426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.435703                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.435703                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410559                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410559                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      636255840                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     195863565                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     142927840                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19317909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17238584                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1534811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12799948                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12584266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159143                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203931348                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109689115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19317909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13743409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24446155                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5040884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3129243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12335277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1506771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    235004167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      210558012     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3723489      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1882700      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3678384      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1183235      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3404662      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         538265      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         876236      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9159184      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    235004167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431031                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      201407175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5699943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24398237                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19464                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3479347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1835641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18076                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    122723823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34151                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3479347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      201688178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3443511                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1395700                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24139458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       857967                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    122549196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        95006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       689893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    160637828                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    555415086                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    555415086                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130284733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30353070                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8334                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1849213                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22052158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3599531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       821926                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        121906977                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16531                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114160805                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74353                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21980735                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44960350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235004167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184915761     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15839328      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16701743      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9729265      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5009195      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1253640      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491057      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34550      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29628      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235004167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192208     57.38%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78100     23.32%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64640     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89549370     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896773      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8141      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20137266     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569255      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114160805                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448603                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334948                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463735077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143904542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111272309                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114495753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4473000                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          307                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3479347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2324567                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105541                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121923595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22052158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8330                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40807                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2369                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          307                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1034750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594082                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1628832                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112711993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19851775                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23420871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17133536                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3569096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.442910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111297368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111272309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67314253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       146725023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88617258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     99791693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22136924                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1525157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231524820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194358944     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14610784      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9377927      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2952735      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4897724      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956220      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606763      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555508      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3208215      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231524820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88617258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     99791693                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21090163                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17579158                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15309042                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87215896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1249790                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3208215                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          350244897                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         247339311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4525825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19476679                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88617258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            99791693                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88617258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.871685                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.871685                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348228                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348228                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      523860507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     145005442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130301544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20623704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16867316                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2009806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8523104                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8134736                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200087673                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117065208                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20623704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10256078                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24529884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5843080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3530676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12301585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025710                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231937510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207407626     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1331519      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2102145      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3346523      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1382470      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1542499      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1655119      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1075738      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12093871      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231937510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081042                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460016                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      198239387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5393698                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24453232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        62373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3788819                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3380952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    142941313                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3788819                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      198546588                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1724980                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2781779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24214357                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       880974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    142859031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        25615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       245867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       331687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44524                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    198345272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    664592515                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    664592515                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    169340770                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29004473                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19922                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2642426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13602037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7315563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662542                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        142658501                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135005868                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18104301                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40338413                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3368                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231937510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175025394     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22837555      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12486710      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8516081      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7968349      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2288844      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791174      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605234      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418169      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231937510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31437     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97654     38.76%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122831     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113095835     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2136559      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16373      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12476405      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7280696      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135005868                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530515                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251922                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502367132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160800686                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132841224                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135257790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406647                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2425518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          315                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1524                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       210609                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8443                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3788819                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1155874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120302                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142695030                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58476                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13602037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7315563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19896                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88172                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1524                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174974                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1147075                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2322049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133089742                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11734118                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1916125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19013012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18722552                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7278894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522985                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132842288                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132841224                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77665823                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       202932929                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382717                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99469670                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    121924279                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20770931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33023                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2052320                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228148691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178654617     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23970129     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9331007      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5026241      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3764840      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102533      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296637      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159930      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2842757      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228148691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99469670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    121924279                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18281473                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11176519                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17501641                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       109862936                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2476847                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2842757                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          368000481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         289179456                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3226170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              22543336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99469670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           121924279                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99469670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.558376                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.558376                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      600177845                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184141176                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133330052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        32992                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254480845                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20975315                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17163358                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2045760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8634719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8251128                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165604                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93362                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201862429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117311719                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20975315                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10416732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24484569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5593742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4796391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12349236                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2047849                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    234664723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      210180154     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1144735      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1814212      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2453975      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2525445      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2134877      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1194228      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1773675      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11443422      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    234664723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082424                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460984                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      199809059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6867296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24440388                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        27021                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3520957                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3452104                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143930413                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3520957                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      200358989                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1421176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4189482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23924505                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1249612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143879233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       171098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       544543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    200773173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    669349927                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    669349927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    174064992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26708181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18448                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3738707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13456643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7298751                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1780161                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143701422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       136457277                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15892184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38067850                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234664723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176885015     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23788297     10.14%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12037210      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9066739      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7122745      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2880123      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814914      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944176      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125504      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234664723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26297     11.63%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83024     36.72%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116766     51.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114764272     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039174      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17109      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12360558      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7276164      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    136457277                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536218                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226087                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507824047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159629859                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134415938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    136683364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       279090                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2148709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          156                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          570                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105039                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3520957                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1136299                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122237                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143737253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13456643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7298751                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18451                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103335                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          570                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190015                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2339953                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134580347                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11633739                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1876930                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18909628                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19124590                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7275889                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528843                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            134416198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           134415938                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        77161639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       207911221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528197                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371128                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101468565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    124855928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18881359                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34508                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2071646                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231143766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179899200     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25413846     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9585009      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4572443      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3870361      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2211414      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1920749      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       874225      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2796519      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231143766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    101468565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    124855928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18501646                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11307934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18004502                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       112493611                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2571046                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2796519                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          372083832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         290995587                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3056731                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19816122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         101468565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           124855928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    101468565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.507977                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.507977                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      605717180                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     187236380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133443659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        34476                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20602496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16848636                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2013948                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8654192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8143998                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121838                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89650                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200146238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            116868086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20602496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10265836                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24505908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5832724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3517220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12305494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2029630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231943974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207438066     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1331604      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2105759      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3345245      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1381252      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1551988      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1646226      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1075819      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12068015      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231943974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459241                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      198304683                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5373452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24429637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        62056                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3774145                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3378244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    142728022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3774145                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      198609732                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1720698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2774795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24192080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       872511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    142646499                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        26374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       245110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       328626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40881                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    198056196                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    663569166                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    663569166                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    169272220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28783971                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19970                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2630164                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13601228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7306650                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1652753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        142449115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36439                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       134915391                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165610                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17941848                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39737140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3428                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231943974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175044075     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22841616      9.85%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12501964      5.39%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8505997      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7950006      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2289818      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787807      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605628      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417063      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231943974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31392     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98594     39.00%     51.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122815     48.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113023860     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2129936      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16367      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12473314      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7271914      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    134915391                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530159                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252801                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502193167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160428891                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132741445                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135168192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2429197                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          344                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1513                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       204547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8419                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3774145                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1150783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121512                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142485688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13601228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7306650                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19951                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1513                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180714                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144851                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2325565                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132990130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11731737                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1925261                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19001960                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18716753                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7270223                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522594                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132742538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132741445                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        77616177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       202750560                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521617                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99429521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    121875032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20610890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33011                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2056633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228169829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178686284     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23965264     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9332774      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5024601      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3764339      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2103250      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1295441      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158843      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2839033      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228169829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99429521                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    121875032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18274131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11172028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17494576                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       109818548                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2475838                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2839033                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          367816055                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         288746198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3228839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              22536872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99429521                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           121875032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99429521                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.559409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.559409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390715                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390715                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      599745179                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184010890                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133122760                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        32980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254480846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19318499                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17238458                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12765590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12583559                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1158712                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46247                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203939851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            109699975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19318499                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13742271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24446187                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5044202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3133427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12335415                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1507234                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    235019755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      210573568     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3724303      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1880737      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3677260      1.56%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1182822      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3403037      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         537319      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         878077      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9162632      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    235019755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075913                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431074                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      201399732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5720004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24398323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19499                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3482196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1836951                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18095                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    122742848                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        34233                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3482196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      201682575                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3462279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1391559                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24137936                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       863204                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    122565747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        95177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       695049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    160653775                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    555491784                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    555491784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    130276998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30376747                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16483                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8344                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1861285                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     22059431                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3598896                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22908                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       819889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        121927989                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16541                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       114172943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73737                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22006620                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45015203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235019755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184928017     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15843784      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16695922      7.10%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9729959      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5012104      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254591      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491154      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34649      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29575      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235019755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191679     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78449     23.43%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64760     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89560789     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896667      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8140      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20138444     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3568903      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    114172943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334888                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463774262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143951450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111282747                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    114507831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4481800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          305                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87985                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3482196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2335359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106135                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121944608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22059431                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3598896                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8341                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2381                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          305                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1033788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594627                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1628415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112724179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19852940                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448760                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           23421666                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17135541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3568726                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.442957                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            111307152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           111282747                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        67320910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       146751407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437293                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458741                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88611209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     99785457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22164178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1525577                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231537559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194373493     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14609599      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9377945      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2953432      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4895974      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956639      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607803      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555629      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3207045      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231537559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     88611209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     99785457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21088536                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            17577625                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8190                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15308038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        87210618                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1249769                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3207045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          350279824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         247384238                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4525049                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19461091                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          88611209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            99785457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     88611209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.871881                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.871881                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348204                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348204                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      523908057                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     145019234                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     130311501                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         337932                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.128881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1850892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         370697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           4.993005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           243.835445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.120059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1762.297484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.781917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1631.068398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.194376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2095.720418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.522735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1739.868764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.171686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2647.934219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.867962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1658.161876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.775197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1022.279745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.924511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1737.931628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.236465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1253.122819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.651574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1758.807952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.827012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1016.297223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.898832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1666.502962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.886545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2102.314060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.931580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1291.216442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.467208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2102.435467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.483988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1632.487732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           334.002006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           330.805778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           362.733651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           363.736271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           451.458265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           288.706728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           251.270129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           317.580681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           304.048381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           387.946067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           275.036795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           296.322101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           389.282189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           273.565944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           403.773540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           322.836073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.053781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.049776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.063956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.053097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.080809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.050603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.031198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.053037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.038242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.053675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.031015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.050858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.064158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.039405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.064161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.013777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.011839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.009043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.012322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        42196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        48906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        24995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  562019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           178656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                178656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        42330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        48968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        43126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   564104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35034                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        42330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        48968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25202                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42923                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        43126                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  564104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                337711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 337757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20721                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29507                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                337757                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5520298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3336662971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4982506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3275621428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6159843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4941848249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5349239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3248622441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6727003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5328706994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5146930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3363879338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5553215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1913814798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5549217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3406202395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6020791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2408702964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5469241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3256821026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5591855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1875495598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5142200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3329561891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6119419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4840103690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6399474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2432000237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5685926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4806338226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5014472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3337675134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55192489009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1398550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       756603                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2614075                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       667872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       584148                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       820226                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       504437                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7345911                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5520298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3338061521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4982506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3275621428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6159843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4941848249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5349239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3249379044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6727003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5331321069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5146930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3364547210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5553215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1913814798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5549217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3406786543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6020791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2408702964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5469241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3257641252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5591855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1875495598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5142200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3330066328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6119419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4840103690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6399474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2432000237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5685926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4806338226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5014472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3337675134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      55199834920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5520298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3338061521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4982506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3275621428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6159843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4941848249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5349239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3249379044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6727003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5331321069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5146930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3364547210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5553215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1913814798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5549217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3406786543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6020791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2408702964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5469241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3257641252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5591855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1875495598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5142200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3330066328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6119419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4840103690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6399474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2432000237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5685926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4806338226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5014472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3337675134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     55199834920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        72307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              899730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       178656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            178656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        72441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               901861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        72441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              901861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.416433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.401307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.318640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.370231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.408142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.405556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.375347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.054545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.205128                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.054795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.042254                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.021586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.401120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.316852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.369246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.372937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.374511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.401120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.316852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.369246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.372937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.374511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149197.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164254.355174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150985.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162368.465748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153996.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164121.027166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152835.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164387.331292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152886.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162549.783235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151380.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162325.886117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150086.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163727.846522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149978.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164415.812859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150519.775000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163036.615947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151923.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164386.282354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151131.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163941.922902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151241.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162671.579588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156908.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164032.388586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156084.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162904.430102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149629.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163865.474276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147484.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162164.762122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163431.126049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 155394.444444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151320.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163379.687500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       166968                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       146037                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164045.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 168145.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159693.717391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149197.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164250.431580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150985.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162368.465748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153996.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164121.027166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152835.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164384.026104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152886.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162550.188091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151380.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162326.781975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150086.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163727.846522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149978.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164412.264997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150519.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163036.615947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151923.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164386.196296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151131.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163941.922902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151241.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162672.381808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156908.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164032.388586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156084.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162904.430102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149629.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163865.474276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147484.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162164.762122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163430.617041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149197.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164250.431580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150985.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162368.465748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153996.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164121.027166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152835.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164384.026104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152886.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162550.188091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151380.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162326.781975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150086.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163727.846522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149978.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164412.264997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150519.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163036.615947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151923.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164386.196296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151131.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163941.922902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151241.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162672.381808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156908.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164032.388586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156084.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162904.430102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149629.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163865.474276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147484.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162164.762122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163430.617041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                94013                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     94013                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           337711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            337757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           337757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3366404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2153677411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3062049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2100490060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3831261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3188424061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3314747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2097739733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4165259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3420264665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3169824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2156684298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3400541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1233151702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3398598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2199657368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3692779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1548356508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3375948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2103002557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3442935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1209398416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3165204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2137363183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3850619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3121835510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4017264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1562685122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3474577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3098445264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3038118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2138786419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35525728404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       872101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       465253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1682534                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       434606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       350662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       528146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       328679                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4661981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3366404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2154549512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3062049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2100490060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3831261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3188424061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3314747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2098204986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4165259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3421947199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3169824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2157118904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3400541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1233151702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3398598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2200008030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3692779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1548356508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3375948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2103530703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3442935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1209398416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3165204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2137691862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3850619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3121835510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4017264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1562685122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3474577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3098445264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3038118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2138786419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35530390385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3366404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2154549512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3062049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2100490060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3831261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3188424061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3314747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2098204986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4165259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3421947199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3169824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2157118904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3400541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1233151702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3398598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2200008030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3692779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1548356508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3375948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2103530703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3442935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1209398416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3165204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2137691862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3850619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3121835510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4017264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1562685122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3474577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3098445264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3038118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2138786419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35530390385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.416433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.401307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.318640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.370231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.408142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.405556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.054545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.205128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.054795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.042254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.401120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.316852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.369246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.372937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.374511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.365418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.401120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.316852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.369246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.404806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.372937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90983.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106019.366496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92789.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104118.670566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95781.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105889.012686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94707.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106150.173717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94664.977273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104333.617992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93230.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104072.011678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91906.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105496.766362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        91854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106176.442921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92319.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104802.795993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93776.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106147.918282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93052.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105716.644755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93094.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104424.622972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98733.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105799.827499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97982.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104674.467278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91436.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105637.218779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89356.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103915.383296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105195.650731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96900.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93050.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105158.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108651.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87665.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105629.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109559.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101347.413043                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90983.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106015.328052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92789.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104118.670566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95781.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105889.012686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94707.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106146.860222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94664.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104334.020337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93230.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104072.895450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91906.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105496.766362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        91854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106172.869553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92319.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104802.795993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93776.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106147.787405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93052.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105716.644755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93094.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104425.375507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98733.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105799.827499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97982.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104674.467278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91436.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105637.218779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89356.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103915.383296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105195.126629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90983.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106015.328052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92789.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104118.670566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95781.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105889.012686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94707.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106146.860222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94664.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104334.020337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93230.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104072.895450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91906.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105496.766362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        91854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106172.869553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92319.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104802.795993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93776.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106147.787405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93052.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105716.644755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93094.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104425.375507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98733.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105799.827499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97982.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104674.467278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91436.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105637.218779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89356.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103915.383296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105195.126629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.605850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012169261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1946479.348077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.605850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12161169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12161169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12161169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12161169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12161169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12161169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7271600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7271600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7271600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7271600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7271600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7271600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12161215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12161215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12161215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12161215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12161215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12161215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158078.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158078.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158078.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158078.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158078.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158078.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6057884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6057884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6057884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172658687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3057.800177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.809767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.190233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8578850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8578850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15839902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15839902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15839902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15839902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       192133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       195959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       195959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25157547166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25157547166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    484261051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484261051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25641808217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25641808217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25641808217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25641808217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8770983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8770983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16035861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16035861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16035861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16035861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130938.189515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130938.189515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 126571.105855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126571.105855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130852.924423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130852.924423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130852.924423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130852.924423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       136089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5951532967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5951532967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11855583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11855583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5963388550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5963388550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5963388550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5963388550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106193.936318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106193.936318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71852.018182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71852.018182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106093.126546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106093.126546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106093.126546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106093.126546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.544650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931036097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1659600.885918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.511476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.033174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12338914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12338914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12338914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12338914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12338914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12338914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6596422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6596422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6596422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6596422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6596422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6596422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12338955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12338955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12338955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12338955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12338955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12338955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160888.341463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160888.341463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160888.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160888.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160888.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160888.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5553873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5553873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5553873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5553873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5553873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5553873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163349.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163349.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163349.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163349.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163349.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163349.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                55208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224715312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                55464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4051.552575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.278417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.721583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.794056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.205944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18134148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18134148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3495152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3495152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8256                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8256                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21629300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21629300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21629300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21629300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       192684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       193007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       193007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       193007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       193007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22128821802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22128821802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28283111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28283111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22157104913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22157104913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22157104913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22157104913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18326832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18326832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3495475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8202                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8202                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21822307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21822307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21822307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21822307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114845.144392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114845.144392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87563.811146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87563.811146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114799.488687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114799.488687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114799.488687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114799.488687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       137545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       137799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       137799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5835069146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5835069146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4615494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4615494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5839684640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5839684640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5839684640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5839684640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105824.718366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105824.718366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66891.217391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66891.217391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105776.058542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105776.058542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105776.058542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105776.058542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              528.893658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1016754102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1914791.152542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.817360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   489.076298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.783776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12296057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12296057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12296057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12296057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12296057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12296057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8042169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8042169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8042169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8042169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8042169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8042169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12296107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12296107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12296107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12296107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12296107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12296107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160843.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160843.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160843.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160843.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160843.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160843.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6737626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6737626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6737626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164332.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164332.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164332.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164332.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164332.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164332.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                72441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              181293625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                72697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2493.825399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.165525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.834475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8531439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8531439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7066088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7066088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15597527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15597527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15597527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15597527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       183308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       184122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       184122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       184122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       184122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22614696060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22614696060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68896625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68896625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22683592685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22683592685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22683592685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22683592685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8714747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8714747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7066902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7066902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15781649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15781649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15781649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15781649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123369.935082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123369.935082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84639.588452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84639.588452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123198.708927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123198.708927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123198.708927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123198.708927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       111001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       111681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       111681                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111681                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        72307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        72441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        72441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8088704458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8088704458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8822594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8822594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8097527052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8097527052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8097527052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8097527052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111866.132712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111866.132712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65840.253731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65840.253731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111780.994906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111780.994906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111780.994906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111780.994906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.235517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012179998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1954015.440154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.235517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12171906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12171906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12171906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12171906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12171906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12171906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7565746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7565746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7565746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7565746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7565746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7565746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12171951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12171951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12171951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12171951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12171951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12171951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168127.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168127.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168127.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168127.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168127.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168127.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6173954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6173954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6173954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6173954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6173954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6173954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171498.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171498.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171498.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171498.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171498.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171498.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172668426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                56126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3076.442754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.854056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.145944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8581303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8581303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7268230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7268230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15849533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15849533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15849533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15849533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       190609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       194439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       194439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  24927421359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24927421359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    485615388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485615388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25413036747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25413036747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25413036747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25413036747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8771912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8771912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7272060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16043972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16043972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16043972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16043972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130777.777330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130777.777330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126792.529504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126792.529504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130699.277136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130699.277136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130699.277136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130699.277136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           19422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5875640323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5875640323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11236628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11236628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5886876951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5886876951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5886876951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5886876951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105470.217074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105470.217074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69792.720497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69792.720497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105367.405602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105367.405602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105367.405602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105367.405602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              583.409924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1041620066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1771462.697279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    43.088268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.321656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.069052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.934952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12037285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12037285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12037285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12037285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12037285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12037285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9159807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9159807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9159807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9159807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9159807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9159807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12037345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12037345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12037345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12037345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12037345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12037345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152663.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152663.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152663.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152663.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152663.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152663.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7235371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7235371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7235371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7235371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7235371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7235371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160786.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160786.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160786.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160786.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160786.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160786.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                81766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              450410651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                82022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5491.339531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.908722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.091278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     31564650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31564650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17284879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17284879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     48849529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       48849529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     48849529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      48849529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       289873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       289873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35085090830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35085090830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26834587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26834587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35111925417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35111925417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35111925417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35111925417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     31854265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31854265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17285137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17285137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49139402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49139402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49139402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49139402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121143.900799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121143.900799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104010.027132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104010.027132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121128.650882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121128.650882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121128.650882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121128.650882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16650                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           16650                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       207927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       208107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       208107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9084328975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9084328975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7089017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7089017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9091417992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9091417992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9091417992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9091417992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111207.631170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111207.631170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 90884.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90884.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111188.244405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111188.244405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111188.244405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111188.244405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.379289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              931031211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1656639.165480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.189709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.189580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12334028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12334028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12334028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12334028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12334028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12334028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6909430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6909430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6909430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6909430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6909430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6909430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12334071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12334071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12334071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12334071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12334071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12334071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160684.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160684.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160684.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160684.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160684.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160684.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5771592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5771592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5771592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5771592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5771592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5771592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164902.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164902.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164902.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164902.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164902.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164902.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55259                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224704605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4047.637665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.826729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.173271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.792292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.207708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18124790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18124790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3493812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3493812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8251                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8251                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21618602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21618602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21618602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21618602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       192955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       193315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       193315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22316734908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22316734908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34641639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34641639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22351376547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22351376547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22351376547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22351376547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18317745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18317745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3494172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3494172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21811917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21811917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21811917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21811917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115657.717644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115657.717644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96226.775000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96226.775000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115621.532457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115621.532457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115621.532457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115621.532457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       138056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       138056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5892883038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5892883038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5313649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5313649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5898196687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5898196687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5898196687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5898196687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106782.209945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106782.209945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72789.712329                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72789.712329                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106737.304095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106737.304095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106737.304095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106737.304095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              493.318111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1014237662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2053112.676113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.318111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12448704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12448704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12448704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12448704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12448704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12448704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8240121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8240121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8240121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8240121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8240121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8240121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12448755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12448755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12448755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12448755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12448755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12448755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       161571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       161571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       161571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       161571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       161571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       161571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6425937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6425937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6425937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6425937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6425937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6425937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164767.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164767.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164767.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164767.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164767.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164767.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                36891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              164382998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                37147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4425.202520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.473957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.526043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9929850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9929850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7378723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7378723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17308573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17308573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17308573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17308573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        94597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        96595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        96595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        96595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        96595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10343036589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10343036589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    134345326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134345326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10477381915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10477381915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10477381915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10477381915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     10024447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10024447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7380721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7380721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17405168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17405168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17405168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17405168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109337.892206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109337.892206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67239.902903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67239.902903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108467.124748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108467.124748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108467.124748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108467.124748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       183468                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22933.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        57913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        59704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        59704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3702864993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3702864993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15728996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15728996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3718593989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3718593989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3718593989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3718593989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100939.510222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100939.510222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75985.487923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75985.487923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100799.490092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100799.490092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100799.490092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100799.490092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              518.521527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012164987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1946471.128846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.521527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.058528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12156895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12156895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12156895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12156895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12156895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12156895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7790239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7790239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7790239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7790239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7790239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7790239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12156941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12156941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12156941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12156941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12156941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12156941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169353.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169353.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169353.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169353.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169353.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169353.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6469879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6469879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6469879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6469879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6469879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6469879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170259.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170259.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170259.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170259.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170259.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170259.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                56117                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172652363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                56373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3062.678286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.808103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.191897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8576164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8576164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7257543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7257543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15833707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15833707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15833707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15833707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       191313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       195145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       195145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       195145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       195145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25122459834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25122459834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    486624231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    486624231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25609084065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25609084065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25609084065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25609084065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8767477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8767477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7261375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7261375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16028852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16028852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16028852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16028852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131316.010067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131316.010067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126989.621868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126989.621868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131231.054165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131231.054165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131231.054165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131231.054165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139028                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139028                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5993500881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5993500881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11142825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11142825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6004643706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6004643706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6004643706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6004643706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107109.045892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107109.045892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69642.656250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69642.656250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107002.222250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107002.222250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107002.222250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107002.222250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.219691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011046871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1951827.936293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.219691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.067660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12351036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12351036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12351036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12351036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12351036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12351036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8352766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8352766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8352766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8352766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8352766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8352766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12351086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12351086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12351086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12351086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12351086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12351086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167055.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167055.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167055.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167055.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167055.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167055.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7084621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7084621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7084621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7084621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7084621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7084621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164758.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164758.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164758.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164758.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164758.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164758.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                41503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166598213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3989.516344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.363956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.636044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8506707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8506707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7160269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7160269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18370                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18370                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17241                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17241                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15666976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15666976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15666976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15666976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       133014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       133903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       133903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       133903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       133903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16512826873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16512826873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     76849230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76849230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16589676103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16589676103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16589676103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16589676103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8639721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8639721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7161158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7161158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18370                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18370                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17241                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17241                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15800879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15800879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15800879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15800879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124143.525291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124143.525291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86444.578178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86444.578178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123893.236918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123893.236918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123893.236918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123893.236918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        91663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        92400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        92400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4340665922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4340665922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10115576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10115576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4350781498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4350781498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4350781498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4350781498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104971.244275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104971.244275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66549.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66549.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104830.530275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104830.530275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104830.530275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104830.530275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              517.875822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012174700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1950240.269750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.875822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12166608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12166608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12166608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12166608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12166608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12166608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7731070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7731070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7731070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7731070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7731070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7731070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12166655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12166655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12166655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12166655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12166655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12166655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164490.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164490.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164490.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164490.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164490.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164490.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6242334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6242334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6242334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6242334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6242334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6242334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168711.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168711.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168711.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168711.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168711.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168711.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                56260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172673281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                56516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3055.299048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.808925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.191075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8587459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8587459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7267004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7267004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15854463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15854463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15854463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15854463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3821                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3821                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       195929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       195929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25104892925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25104892925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    483027202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483027202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25587920127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25587920127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25587920127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25587920127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8779567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8779567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7270825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7270825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16723                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16723                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16050392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16050392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16050392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16050392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130681.142508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130681.142508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126413.818896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126413.818896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130597.921324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130597.921324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130597.921324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130597.921324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       114392                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       114392                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           19763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        56099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        56260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        56260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5906717696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5906717696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11272387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11272387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5917990083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5917990083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5917990083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5917990083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105290.962334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105290.962334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70014.826087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70014.826087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105190.012140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105190.012140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105190.012140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105190.012140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              492.797685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1014240931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2053119.293522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.797685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.060573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12451973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12451973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12451973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12451973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12451973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12451973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7943885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7943885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7943885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7943885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7943885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7943885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12452023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12452023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12452023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12452023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12452023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12452023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158877.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158877.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158877.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158877.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158877.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158877.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6399679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6399679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6399679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6399679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6399679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6399679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164094.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164094.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164094.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164094.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164094.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164094.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                36879                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              164384217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                37135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4426.665329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.470817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.529183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9931395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9931395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7378803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7378803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17310198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17310198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17310198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17310198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        94714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        96844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        96844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        96844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        96844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10280546769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10280546769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    151596724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    151596724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10432143493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10432143493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10432143493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10432143493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10026109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10026109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7380933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7380933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17407042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17407042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17407042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17407042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108543.053498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108543.053498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71172.170892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71172.170892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107721.113265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107721.113265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107721.113265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107721.113265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       505330                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets            12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42110.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7876                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7876                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        59965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        59965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3677291887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3677291887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16432438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16432438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3693724325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693724325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3693724325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693724325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100283.397066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100283.397066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 78249.704762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78249.704762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100157.930665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100157.930665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100157.930665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100157.930665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.751730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931032417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1656641.311388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.601173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.150557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12335234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12335234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12335234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12335234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12335234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12335234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6767205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6767205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6767205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6767205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6767205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6767205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12335277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12335277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12335277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12335277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12335277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12335277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157376.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157376.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157376.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157376.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157376.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157376.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5663211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5663211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5663211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161806.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161806.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161806.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161806.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161806.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161806.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224706821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4046.948600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.406813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.593187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.790652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.209348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18126713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18126713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3494085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21620798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21620798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21620798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21620798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       192962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       192962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22238111909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22238111909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32288359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32288359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22270400268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22270400268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22270400268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22270400268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18319334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18319334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3494426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3494426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21813760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21813760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21813760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21813760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115450.090639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115450.090639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94687.269795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94687.269795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115413.398845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115413.398845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115413.398845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115413.398845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5876006135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5876006135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5230262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5230262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5881236397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5881236397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5881236397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5881236397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106453.243505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106453.243505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73665.661972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73665.661972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106411.123722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106411.123722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106411.123722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106411.123722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.543199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1016759579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1918414.300000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.543199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12301534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12301534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12301534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12301534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12301534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12301534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8368066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8368066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8368066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8368066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8368066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8368066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12301585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12301585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12301585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12301585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12301585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12301585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164079.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164079.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164079.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164079.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164079.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164079.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6607546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6607546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6607546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6607546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6607546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6607546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165188.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165188.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165188.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165188.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165188.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165188.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                72430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              181301834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                72686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2494.315742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.176510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.823490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8534755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8534755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7070818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7070818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15605573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15605573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15605573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15605573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       183174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       183982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       183982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       183982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       183982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22439701626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22439701626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     69784663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69784663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22509486289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22509486289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22509486289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22509486289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8717929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8717929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7071626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7071626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15789555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15789555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15789555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15789555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122504.840349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122504.840349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86367.157178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86367.157178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122346.133258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122346.133258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122346.133258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122346.133258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       110878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       110878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       111552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       111552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8018093780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8018093780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8975904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8975904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8027069684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8027069684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8027069684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8027069684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110906.464811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110906.464811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66984.358209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66984.358209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110825.206185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110825.206185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110825.206185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110825.206185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.410341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011045023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1948063.628131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.410341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12349188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12349188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12349188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12349188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12349188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12349188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8763796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8763796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8763796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8763796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8763796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8763796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12349236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12349236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12349236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12349236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12349236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12349236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182579.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182579.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182579.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182579.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182579.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182579.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7624601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7624601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7624601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7624601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7624601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7624601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173286.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173286.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173286.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173286.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173286.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173286.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                41495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166596156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3990.231515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.363054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.636946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8505264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8505264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7159710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7159710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15664974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15664974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15664974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15664974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       133197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       134086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       134086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       134086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       134086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16583323051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16583323051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76991793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76991793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16660314844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16660314844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16660314844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16660314844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8638461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8638461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7160599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7160599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15799060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15799060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15799060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15799060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124502.226409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124502.226409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86604.941507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86604.941507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124250.964635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124250.964635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124250.964635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124250.964635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        91854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4355557913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4355557913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10228766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10228766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4365786679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4365786679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4365786679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4365786679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105351.762402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105351.762402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67294.513158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67294.513158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105212.355199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105212.355199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105212.355199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105212.355199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              527.814275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1016763489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1922048.183365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.814275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12305444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12305444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12305444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12305444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12305444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12305444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7910087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7910087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7910087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7910087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7910087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7910087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12305494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12305494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12305494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12305494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12305494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12305494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158201.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158201.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158201.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158201.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158201.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158201.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6236027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6236027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6236027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6236027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6236027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6236027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159898.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159898.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159898.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159898.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159898.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159898.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                72457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              181297436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                72713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2493.329061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.166917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.833083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8533118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8533118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7067980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7067980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19783                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19783                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15601098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15601098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15601098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15601098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       184041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       184848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       184848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       184848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       184848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22558419053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22558419053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     68932392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68932392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22627351445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22627351445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22627351445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22627351445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8717159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8717159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7068787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15785946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15785946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15785946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15785946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122572.791133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122572.791133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85418.081784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85418.081784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122410.582993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122410.582993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122410.582993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122410.582993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       112391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       112391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7998845037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7998845037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8907926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8907926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8007752963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8007752963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8007752963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8007752963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110598.910955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110598.910955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66477.059701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66477.059701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110517.313206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110517.313206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110517.313206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110517.313206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              558.038051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              931032556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1656641.558719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.887377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.150674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.052704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12335373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12335373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12335373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12335373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12335373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12335373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6714968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6714968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6714968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6714968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6714968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6714968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12335415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12335415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12335415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12335415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12335415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12335415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159880.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159880.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159880.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159880.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159880.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159880.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5674132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5674132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5674132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5674132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5674132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5674132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162118.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162118.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162118.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162118.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162118.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162118.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                55189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              224708723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                55445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4052.822130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   202.832635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    53.167365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.792315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.207685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18128702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18128702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3493999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3493999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21622701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       21622701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21622701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      21622701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       192877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       193212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       193212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       193212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       193212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22283743821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22283743821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     30256606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30256606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22314000427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22314000427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22314000427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22314000427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18321579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18321579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3494334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3494334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21815913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21815913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21815913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21815913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115533.442666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115533.442666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90318.226866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90318.226866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115489.723345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115489.723345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115489.723345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115489.723345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       137758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5872246551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5872246551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4821192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4821192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5877067743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5877067743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5877067743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5877067743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106537.610461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106537.610461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68874.171429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68874.171429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106489.839334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106489.839334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106489.839334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106489.839334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
