
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108755                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108754670856                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621363873744                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 302623                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383566                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1944184                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55938.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16928273677                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21456084420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4291456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3666432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2274176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2278784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2283264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1483008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2302336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2272896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4302720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3665792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3667456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2285312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2285696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2277376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2280448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1078144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42773888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13533056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13533056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        28644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        17803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        17987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        17757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        33615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        28639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        28652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         8423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                334171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          105727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               105727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39459970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33712869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20911065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20953436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20994629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13636269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21169996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20899295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39563542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33706984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33722285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21013461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21016992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20940489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20968736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9913542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               393306215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45901                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45901                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             722654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         124436550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              124436550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         124436550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39459970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33712869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        40017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20911065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20953436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20994629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13636269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        43548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21169996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20899295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        50609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39563542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33706984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33722285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21013461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        41194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21016992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20940489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        43548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20968736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9913542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              517742765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17568587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15852962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       925241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6906859                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6299368                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970391                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41049                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186581504                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110394084                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17568587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7269759                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21848364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2905333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     25902158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10706651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       928730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236288878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214440514     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         781841      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1597367      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         681351      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630846      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3237445      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         631790      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1304289      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9983435      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236288878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423286                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184653515                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     27841775                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21767490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1956354                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129458043                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2713                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1956354                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184899718                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      25857307                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1138718                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21619654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       817121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129383872                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       414119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       267319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        15024                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151883818                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609344359                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609344359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17160958                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8078                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1884059                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30544120                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15448897                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140560                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       747417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129138626                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15553                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124175128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        75616                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9958829                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23777471                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          573                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236288878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191667937     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13649700      5.78%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11025828      4.67%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4750128      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5943435      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5633718      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3203926      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256146      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158060      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236288878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312922     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2385848     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69763      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77896215     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082173      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29783830     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405478     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124175128                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.476127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2768533                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487483283                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139116224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123111168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126943661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1196083                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          492                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3221                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103560                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10954                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1956354                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25224156                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       242404                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129154263                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30544120                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15448897                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8074                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          151                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3221                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       543143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541362                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1084505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123310997                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29683337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45087028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16155379                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472814                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123114385                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123111168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66504591                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131273596                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472047                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506611                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11651713                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       945665                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234332524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191547342     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15747432      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7336575      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211072      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1995690      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8254133      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627178      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458738      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154364      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234332524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362345943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260292728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4010420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24513691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.608026                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.608026                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383432                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383432                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609623571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142964537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154149063                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18306180                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14971107                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7630846                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7229424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1883499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177816272                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            103870840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18306180                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9112923                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21771755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5207076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8136374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10935355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1802591                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    211100505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      189328750     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1182131      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1867453      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2971587      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1229054      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1374245      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1464040      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         956644      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10726601      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    211100505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070192                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398274                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      176115028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9850987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21704021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        54809                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3375657                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3000917                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    126832478                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2855                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3375657                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      176388507                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2035056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      7001686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21490072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       809524                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    126749488                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        34410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       217607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       295484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        66138                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    175963917                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    589620352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    589620352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    150219520                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25744397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        32770                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2361561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12080828                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6494609                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196149                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1473710                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        126571226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32866                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       119839822                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       150967                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15961776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35499306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3576                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211100505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160530926     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20324948      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11099936      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7558532      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7062195      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2029007      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1587826      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538445      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       368690      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211100505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27857     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84882     38.39%     50.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108360     49.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100394421     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1893374      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14524      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11076692      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6460811      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    119839822                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221099                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451152215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142567166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117913414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    120060921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       361204                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2166388                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          363                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1327                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       192075                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7471                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3375657                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1267028                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109355                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126604227                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12080828                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6494609                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80966                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1327                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1048408                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2068654                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118131596                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10418572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1708226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16877816                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16628290                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6459244                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            117914191                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           117913414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        68943879                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       180089407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452118                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88239645                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    108158404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18446301                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29290                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1829638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207724848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163816696     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21263908     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8277681      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4462000      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3338238      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1866565      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1150784      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1029155      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2519821      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207724848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     88239645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    108158404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16216974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             9914440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             14614                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15525833                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        97458487                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2197115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2519821                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          331809147                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         256585261                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2882979                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              49702064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          88239645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           108158404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     88239645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.955617                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.955617                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      532728199                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     163439468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     118312788                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        29262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17919539                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16002573                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1428447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12012954                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11706888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076495                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43292                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189451173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            101772871                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17919539                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12783383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22698125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4682076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7562860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11462182                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401995                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    222957771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      200259646     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3461521      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1745312      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3427153      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1098546      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3172885      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         500727      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         805719      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8486262      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    222957771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      187600697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9456740                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22653177                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        18276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3228877                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1690169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        16737                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    113846617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        31526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3228877                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      187810490                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6161698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2632375                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22447197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       677130                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    113679715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        89155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       520779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    148983145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    515213574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    515213574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    120876871                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28106258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1548352                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     20515961                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3328826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       757404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        113097797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15330                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       105936261                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67973                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20368993                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41662288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222957771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176504202     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14616151      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15580418      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8998442      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4653561      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1165525      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1380814      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32069      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26589      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222957771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176900     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73128     23.60%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59847     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83067072     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830353      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18730470     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3300826      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    105936261                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406193                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309875                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435208141                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133482396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103250497                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    106246136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        84048                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4181006                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3228877                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5376420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113113209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20515961                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3328826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7735                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38066                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2229                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       966095                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547724                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1513819                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104596259                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18461659                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1340002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21762330                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15901005                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3300671                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.401055                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            103274151                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           103250497                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        62482536                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       136075673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.395895                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459175                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82252378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     92602899                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20514975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1419515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219728894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185253607     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13544345      6.16%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8698692      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2743492      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4544154      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888307      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561725      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514383      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2980189      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219728894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     82252378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     92602899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19587760                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            16334952                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         14207666                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        80927895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1158094                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2980189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          329866280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         229467193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4230037                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              37844798                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          82252378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            92602899                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     82252378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.170760                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.170760                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      486202888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     134530639                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     120921631                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19170211                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15720291                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1879527                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8085403                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7499939                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1967672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84306                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183063795                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            108901569                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19170211                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9467611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23965781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5325551                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     17310215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11279003                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1867936                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    227753567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      203787786     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2594272      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2999121      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1654317      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1920440      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1051560      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         711135      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1854722      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11180214      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    227753567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073505                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      181596435                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     18806215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23777211                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       177533                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3396170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3111656                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        17607                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    132969151                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        87315                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3396170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      181874641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6094025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     11923690                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23685159                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       779879                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    132886624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       205536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       359394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    184640454                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    618702381                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    618702381                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    157771549                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26868905                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2097428                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12709407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6909074                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1532363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        132677575                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35288                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       125427895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177762                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16529062                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38132296                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4300                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227753567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174896775     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21264952      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11427649      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7894083      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6911490      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3546777      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       847839      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553499      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       410503      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227753567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33271     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117405     43.09%     55.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121792     44.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    104990466     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1958880      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15364      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11602421      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6860764      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    125427895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480930                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            272468                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479059587                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149243111                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123345244                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    125700363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315624                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2255262                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          795                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1191                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       144854                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7682                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3034                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3396170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5668414                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       138198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132712973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12709407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6909074                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19812                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96623                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1191                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1089526                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1054855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2144381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123580714                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10894305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1847181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           17753576                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17293488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6859271                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473848                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            123347161                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           123345244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        73312940                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       192047290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472945                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381744                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92648839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    113667891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19046289                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30988                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1890387                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224357397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177921667     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21533684      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9025117      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5421082      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3757799      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2422261      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258128      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1011814      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2005845      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224357397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     92648839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    113667891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17218365                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10454145                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16267438                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       102476461                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2312533                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2005845                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          355065108                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         268824588                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2806761                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              33049002                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          92648839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           113667891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     92648839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.814958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.814958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.355245                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.355245                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      557452318                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     171186140                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     124074467                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        30960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19185902                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15734809                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1879684                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7885473                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7490418                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1968460                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        83800                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183225713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            109090033                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19185902                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9458878                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23991982                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5344623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17174687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11288315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1868874                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    227824941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      203832959     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2601005      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3010477      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1653105      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1899299      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1045728      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         717806      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1854895      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11209667      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    227824941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073565                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418286                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      181725096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     18703602                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23791391                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       189894                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3414955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3112808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17606                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    133158762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        87527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3414955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      182016542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       5841143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12046662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23698271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       807365                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    133078746                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       204793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       374648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           63                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    184943840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    619614972                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    619614972                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    157927433                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27016402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        34886                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19475                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2167281                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12703507                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6919889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       182799                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1536011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        132866056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34943                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       125560610                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175373                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16595835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38416936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3924                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227824941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174916593     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21284813      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11430675      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7913713      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6919757      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3536843      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       859366      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551579      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411602      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227824941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32332     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115330     42.78%     54.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121901     45.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105097758     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964165      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15379      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11613217      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6870091      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    125560610                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.481439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269563                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479391097                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149498028                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123473714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    125830173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316589                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2239060                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          753                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       149017                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7691                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3414955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5396221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132901114                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12703507                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6919889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19448                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090359                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1054554                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2144913                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123710063                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10906261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1850547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           17774676                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17307417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6868415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            123475558                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           123473714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        73385826                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       192208644                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92740382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    113780123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19122228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1890590                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224409986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177927096     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21554914      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9034120      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5430086      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756559      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2429284      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258357      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012647      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2006923      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224409986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     92740382                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    113780123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17235316                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10464444                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16283484                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102577639                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2314806                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2006923                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          355304790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         269219732                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2806157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              32977628                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          92740382                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           113780123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     92740382                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.812179                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.812179                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.355596                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.355596                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      558044409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     171369897                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     124280764                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        30990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20221656                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16544686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1969240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8338349                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7959650                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2089140                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89877                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194592376                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            113100739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20221656                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10048790                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23603567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5377845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     10406818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11902250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1971170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231985674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208382107     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1099234      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1746074      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2365503      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2433933      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2060760      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1160573      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1712412      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11025078      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231985674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433664                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      192592217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     12424196                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23559840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        26877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3382541                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3329888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138770704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3382541                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      193121615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1746502                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      9451450                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23063349                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1220214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138720072                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       179394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       524460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    193545874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    645373518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    645373518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    167836988                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25708886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3604489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12976571                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7038146                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1729478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        138553342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34477                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       131571913                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18063                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15321596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36706702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1203                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231985674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176276750     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22938770      9.89%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11597493      5.00%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8738513      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6874764      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2786668      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1739611      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       912284      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120821      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231985674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25446     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80368     36.88%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112128     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110654677     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966742      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16497      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11917612      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7016385      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    131571913                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.504489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217942                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495365505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153909954                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129613707                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    131789855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268885                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2073470                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102006                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3382541                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1451958                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118782                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138587960                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34876                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12976571                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7038146                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143874                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2252299                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129771105                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11215117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18231237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18438879                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7016120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.497584                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            129613917                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           129613707                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74400913                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       200491981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.496980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97838036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120388174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18199807                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33274                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1994196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228603133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179180761     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24514014     10.72%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9240616      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4413116      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3736478      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132186      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848863      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       843232      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2693867      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228603133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     97838036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120388174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17839241                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10903101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17360039                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       108468369                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2479021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2693867                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          364496571                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         280558554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2945119                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              28816895                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          97838036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120388174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     97838036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.665656                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.665656                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375142                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375142                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      584072963                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     180540341                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     128654799                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        33244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19168723                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15723145                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1877261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7865593                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7482366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1964687                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        83974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182911388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            108972557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19168723                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9447053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23965327                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5344577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     17070197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11270255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1865735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    227382310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      203416983     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        2595755      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3012055      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        1649704      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1895425      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1044529      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         713708      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1855208      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11198943      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    227382310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.417835                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      181419798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     18590261                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23765870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       188523                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3417855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3108104                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        17543                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    133018180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        86896                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3417855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      181711034                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6189801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     11586119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23672040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       805458                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    132935991                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       207499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       371444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           61                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    184743582                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    618943770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    618943770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    157648502                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27095063                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19305                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2161379                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12692824                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6909366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180599                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1534171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        132719345                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34752                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       125377862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176266                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16660872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38584564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3789                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227382310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174553539     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21249366      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11412098      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7907774      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6908141      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3532803      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       856457      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551399      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       410733      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227382310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32810     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       116444     43.00%     55.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121516     44.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    104948901     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1961222      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15352      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11592979      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6859408      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    125377862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.480739                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            270770                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478585069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149416178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123288450                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    125648632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       313334                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2246810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          747                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1211                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       150385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7677                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2880                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3417855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5724707                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       139296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132754209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12692824                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6909366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19288                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1211                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1088504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1055389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2143893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123523769                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10885822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1854092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           17743731                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17280915                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6857909                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473629                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            123290458                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           123288450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        73289431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       191968904                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472727                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92576679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    113579307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19176314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30963                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1887997                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223964455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177559639     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21523464      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9019064      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5416019      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3751374      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2422317      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258290      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1011467      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2002821      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223964455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     92576679                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    113579307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17204995                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10446014                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15448                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16254739                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       102396612                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2310727                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2002821                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          354716631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         268929177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2803530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              33420259                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          92576679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           113579307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     92576679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.817152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.817152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354968                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354968                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      557186014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     171117903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     124137690                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        30934                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17913433                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15995790                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1427525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12004134                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11701681                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076536                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43287                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189351928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            101725145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17913433                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12778217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            22688770                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4679612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      7598240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11456314                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    222883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      200194243     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3460276      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1745938      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3426513      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1096042      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3171469      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         499627      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         804839      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        8484066      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    222883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068686                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.390047                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      187500175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9493594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        22643667                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        18258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3227315                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1690912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        16760                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    113795675                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        31786                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3227315                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      187710185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6192581                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2637759                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        22437580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       677589                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    113630024                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        88742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       521427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    148924314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    514983982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    514983982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    120820559                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28103750                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        15266                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1550055                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     20504774                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3327741                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20918                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       757516                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        113047657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       105884046                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20362101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41667957                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176449928     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14611944      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15573936      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8993136      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4650493      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1163920      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1380958      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32082      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26616      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176866     57.10%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73133     23.61%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59749     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83028279     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830161      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7538      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18718917     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3299151      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    105884046                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.405993                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309748                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435028791                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133425340                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103198041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    106193794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4179071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          271                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76117                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3227315                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5408628                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82067                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113063055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20504774                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3327741                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7726                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38308                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2156                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          271                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       964892                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547058                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1511950                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104543671                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18450411                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1340375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21749391                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       15894660                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3298980                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.400854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            103221785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           103198041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        62449891                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       136001509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.395694                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.459185                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82211737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     92558549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20509067                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1418566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219655698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185193562     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13542795      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8694412      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2741883      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4539906      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888452      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561800      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514507      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2978381      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219655698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     82211737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     92558549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19577324                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            16325700                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         14200726                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        80889532                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1157656                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2978381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          329744634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         229365100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4228160                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              37919556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          82211737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            92558549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     82211737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.172328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.172328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.315226                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.315226                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      485945367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     134466900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     120861708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        15186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17615488                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15896337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       923634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6593033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6297352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         972834                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40907                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186873342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            110701728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17615488                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7270186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21895554                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       2913374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     26130371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10721210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       926954                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    236866020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      214970466     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         781888      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1595274      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         679929      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3638094      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3246436      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         624613      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1313062      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10016258      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    236866020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424466                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      184937945                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     28077589                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21814530                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        69685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      1966265                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1544909                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    129802679                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2713                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      1966265                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      185184569                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      26085131                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1147247                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21666396                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       816406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    129731623                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       419511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       268511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7361                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    152311078                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    610987769                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    610987769                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    135021545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       17289498                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15484                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8033                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1890034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     30607098                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     15476054                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140717                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       750824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        129484718                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15531                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       124423260                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70894                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10071827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24231301                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          515                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236866020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192184956     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13644209      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11037782      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4763577      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5962955      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5647649      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3210118      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256209      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158565      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236866020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313712     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2391016     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70003      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78056843     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1086357      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7449      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29833966     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15438645     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    124423260                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477078                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2774731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488558159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139575293                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123359942                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    127197991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       222964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1194570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          472                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3224                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97002                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10980                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      1966265                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      25453382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       243991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129500332                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30607098                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15476054                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8034                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3224                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       537114                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546682                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1083796                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123555274                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29736878                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           45173965                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16189240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         15437087                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473750                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            123363114                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           123359942                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        66647488                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       131609493                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473001                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506403                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100221189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117776178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11738404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       943812                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234899755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192028510     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15776728      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7346750      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7228161      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2001425      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8270155      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       629858      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459500      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1158668      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234899755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100221189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117776178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             44791577                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            29412525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7496                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15553036                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       104731065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1140714                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1158668                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          363255370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         260995614                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4012739                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              23936549                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100221189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117776178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100221189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.602270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.602270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384280                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384280                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      610811323                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     143258434                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     154545564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        14994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18306619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14973857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1787809                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7516982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7212627                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1878679                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        78853                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177551715                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            103905612                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18306619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9091306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21771689                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5217730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8079834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10921360                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1799398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    210793614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      189021925     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1185861      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1862207      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2968776      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1228376      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1368373      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1463418      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         955287      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10739391      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    210793614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070193                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      175856461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9788244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21703878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        55096                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3389932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2999258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    126876191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2865                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3389932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      176130356                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1997856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6969419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21490017                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       816031                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    126792095                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        35238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       217113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       296336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        72168                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    176013868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    589827452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    589827452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    150060625                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       25953243                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        32596                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18088                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2359756                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12083766                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6492380                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1478965                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        126608358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32693                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       119771985                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16120862                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36042376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210793614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160277356     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20284229      9.62%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11081922      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7562668      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7068210      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2027992      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1584395      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537998      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       368844      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210793614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27809     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86342     38.83%     51.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108187     48.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100337848     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1895567      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14508      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11065531      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6458531      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    119771985                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459244                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222338                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450711518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142763233                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117846044                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    119994323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       362101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2179745                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          312                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1353                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7447                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           97                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3389932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1258239                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107529                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126641179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12083766                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6492380                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18077                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1353                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042709                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024278                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2066987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118065497                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10406168                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1706488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 128                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           16863158                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16615134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6456990                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452701                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            117846785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           117846044                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        68906672                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       180048758                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.451859                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88146449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    108044217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18597508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29261                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1825954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207403682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163549247     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21239376     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8266289      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4452456      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335871      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1859265      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1152903      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028532      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2519743      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207403682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88146449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    108044217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16199937                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             9904021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             14599                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15509447                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        97355614                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2194808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2519743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          331525079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         256673607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2879065                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              50008955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88146449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           108044217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88146449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.958742                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.958742                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337982                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337982                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      532384574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     163348407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     118333947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        29234                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260802103                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18353101                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15009348                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7557936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7234523                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1887043                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79620                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178105018                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104182672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18353101                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9121566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21825876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5219757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      8092947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10952243                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1802942                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    211412766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      189586890     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1184118      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1867653      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2977230      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1232032      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1374136      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1470647      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         956769      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10763291      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    211412766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.399470                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      176402220                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9808852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21758479                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        54732                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3388480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3009016                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    127199978                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2874                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3388480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      176675799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1976754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      7013555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21544147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       814028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    127116916                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        31578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       218314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       297171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        67437                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    176471454                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    591344161                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    591344161                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    150558456                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25912793                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        32723                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2370050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12105912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6512664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1478533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        126938480                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32818                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       120133988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151502                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16084732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35887516                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3459                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211412766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160740435     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20353312      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11116307      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7577180      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7090658      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2034237      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1591521      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539349      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369767      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211412766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27844     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84765     38.35%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108428     49.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100636102     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1901774      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14556      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11102800      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6478756      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    120133988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.460633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    452053281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143057365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118207427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    120355025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       366585                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2168872                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          360                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195791                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7470                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3388480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1225847                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108560                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126971433                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12105912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6512664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18154                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80002                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2069573                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118426565                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10441934                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1707423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16919089                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16666163                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6477155                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.454086                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            118208217                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           118207427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        69107740                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       180545668                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.453246                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88439011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    108402873                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18568797                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29359                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1829468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    208024286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    164024501     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21306361     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8296604      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4469796      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3344544      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1868025      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155180      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1029665      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2529610      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    208024286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88439011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    108402873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             16253887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             9937019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15560970                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        97678736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2202089                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2529610                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          332465748                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         257332219                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2886053                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              49389337                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88439011                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           108402873                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88439011                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.948949                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.948949                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339104                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339104                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      534041530                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163840676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118659964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        29330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19172193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15725485                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1878127                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7894429                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7487564                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1965968                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84193                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183022525                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            108998205                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19172193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9453532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23971850                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5342037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     17012166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11276744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1867532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    227437788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      203465938     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2597701      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3010081      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1651237      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1898923      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1045675      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         716320      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1853367      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11198546      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    227437788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.417934                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      181529449                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     18533466                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23772655                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       188525                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3413690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3108907                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17558                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    133040239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        87202                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3413690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      181819831                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6078242                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11641539                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23678935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       805548                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    132958764                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       206558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       372044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    184774616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    619038591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    619038591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    157739469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27035145                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34764                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19378                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2161333                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12690426                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6910942                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179737                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1533367                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        132742353                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       125426615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175401                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16612130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38442823                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3858                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227437788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174585653     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21260807      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11419037      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7908411      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6910898      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3533033      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       857173      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551502      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411274      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227437788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32789     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115076     42.69%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121711     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    104989823     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1961990      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15360      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11597889      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6861553      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    125426615                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.480926                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269576                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478735995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149390531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123342903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    125696191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314476                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1211                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       148075                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7684                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3555                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3413690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5625836                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       138002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132777309                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12690426                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6910942                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1211                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090632                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2144009                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123577675                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10892279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           17752267                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17289466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6859988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            123344757                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           123342903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        73310930                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       192004108                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472936                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381820                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92630069                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    113644880                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19133668                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30981                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1888912                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224024098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177593598     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21532364      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9023581      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5424860      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3751235      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2425477      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1256922      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1011571      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2004490      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224024098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     92630069                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    113644880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17214936                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10452069                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15457                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16264138                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       102455731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2312069                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2004490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          354797532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         268970852                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2803885                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              33364781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          92630069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           113644880                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     92630069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.815528                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.815528                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.355173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.355173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      557442189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     171188677                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     124170925                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        30952                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19184602                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15732627                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1876277                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7899442                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7488046                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1968556                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84585                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183038485                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            109078312                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19184602                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9456602                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23981307                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5340356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     16996957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11276639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1864739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    227448853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      203467546     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2598991      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3006632      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1651724      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1894681      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1047162      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         716256      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1860972      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11204889      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    227448853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.418241                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      181546367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     18517103                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23781176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       189673                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3414531                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3114140                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        17573                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    133131448                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        87103                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3414531                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      181838211                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6165542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     11535057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23687718                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       807791                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    133051466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       207489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       372668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           33                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    184907951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    619473351                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    619473351                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    157842130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27065774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        34653                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19259                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2162145                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12692212                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6918847                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       181461                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1538207                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        132840259                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       125518267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176542                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16636439                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38470790                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3724                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227448853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174565427     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21268037      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11423455      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7919156      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6915166      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3535630      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       858789      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551240      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411953      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227448853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32828     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       114511     42.55%     54.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121764     45.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105064232     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964209      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15370      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11605166      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6869290      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    125518267                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.481277                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269103                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478931031                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149512618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123434237                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    125787370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2233378                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          771                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       151627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7687                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2969                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3414531                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       5716344                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       138961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132875097                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12692212                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6918847                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97296                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1088149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053749                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2141898                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123668364                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10898188                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1849902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           17766024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17302188                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6867836                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.474184                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            123436112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           123434237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        73363955                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       192143661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.473286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381818                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92690256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    113718756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19157587                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1886962                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224034322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177575473     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21544579      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9028098      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5430628      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3751946      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2428308      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1256274      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012999      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2006017      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224034322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     92690256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    113718756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17226046                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10458829                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15466                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16274742                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       102522304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2313571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2006017                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          354904024                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         269167321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2801990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              33353716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          92690256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           113718756                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     92690256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.813700                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.813700                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.355404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.355404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      557850098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     171314589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     124263907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        30970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19185578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15733403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1880678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8016591                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7499558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1970286                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183226102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            109023259                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19185578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9469844                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23985769                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5333644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     17134306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11287729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1868797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    227766717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      203780948     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2600632      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3009816      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1656332      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1898016      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1053626      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         716212      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1855381      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11195754      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    227766717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418030                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      181734338                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     18654248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23786308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       188872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3402948                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3113775                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        17592                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    133084756                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        87268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3402948                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      182024474                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6249119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     11591611                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23693180                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       805382                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    133003504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       207077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       371681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           33                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    184840458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    619216774                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    619216774                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    157955369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26885084                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35091                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19662                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2158157                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12704903                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6917360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       181082                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1533998                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        132795037                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       125559548                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177513                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16501546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38039469                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227766717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174851664     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21290843      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11439101      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7910651      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6913397      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3537103      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       859932      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552353      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411673      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227766717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33142     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115210     42.65%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121807     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105100332     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1961169      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15381      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11614771      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6867895      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    125559548                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.481435                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            270159                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479333485                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149332958                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123469686                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    125829707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316548                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238647                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          770                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1210                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       145347                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7695                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3282                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3402948                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       5804479                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       138698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132830325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12704903                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6917360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19675                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1210                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1052947                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2145995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123705419                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10907831                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1854129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           17774224                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17312468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6866393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474326                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            123471695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           123469686                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        73384104                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       192174978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92756671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    113800101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19031411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31023                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1891466                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224363769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177871412     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21558659      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9036950      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5432779      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756111      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2429736      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258001      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012893      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007228      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224363769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     92756671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    113800101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17238269                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10466256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16286353                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       102595620                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2315204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2007228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          355187429                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         269066045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2806867                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              33035852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          92756671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           113800101                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     92756671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.811685                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.811685                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      558026925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     171365093                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     124213898                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19180563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15728472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1878894                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7932609                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7491464                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1968205                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183117662                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            109051952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19180563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9459669                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23982581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5341322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     17196373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11283020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1867707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    227726573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      203743992     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2599521      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3006467      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1653346      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1899173      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1048091      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         716141      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1857474      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11202368      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    227726573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073544                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.418140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      181627093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     18715068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23784281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       187765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3412363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3113890                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17595                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    133112210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        87480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3412363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      181916614                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       5947959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     11955365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23690828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       803441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    133030880                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       205709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       371847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           62                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    184870772                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    619378264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    619378264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    157842286                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27028387                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        34991                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19581                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2153681                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12699910                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6919768                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       181341                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1535126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        132817075                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35059                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       125517621                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16609866                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38391324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4060                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227726573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174838128     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21276255      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11424124      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7914143      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6915958      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3536800      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       857268      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551927      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411970      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227726573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32778     12.14%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115458     42.78%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121658     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105060325     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1962860      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15370      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11609746      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6869320      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    125517621                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.481274                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269894                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479208750                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149463194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123429527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    125787515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2241058                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          764                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       152545                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7686                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3296                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3412363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5507085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132852253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12699910                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6919768                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1054293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2144409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123666406                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10901067                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1851215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           17768578                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17302505                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6867511                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.474176                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            123431403                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           123429527                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        73356245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       192133331                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.473268                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92690364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    113718873                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19134531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1889732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224314210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177855047     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21544337      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9029839      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5429007      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3752666      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2427289      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1257736      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012000      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2006289      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224314210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     92690364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    113718873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17226064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10458841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15466                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16274754                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       102522414                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2313573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2006289                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          355160701                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         269119319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2805214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              33075996                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          92690364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           113718873                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     92690364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.813697                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.813697                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.355404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.355404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      557833916                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     171308071                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     124237317                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        30970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260802569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22633249                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18841110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2054210                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8630768                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8276166                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2435743                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95370                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196952659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            124187109                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22633249                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10711909                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25879807                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5714003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     17806281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12227225                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1963586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    244281653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      218401846     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1587551      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1992726      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3185613      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1339204      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1716818      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2006360      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         918850      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13132685      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    244281653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476173                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      195795799                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     19076400                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25756932                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        11909                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3640605                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3448330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          550                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    151781260                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3640605                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      195993654                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        631294                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     17893191                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25571207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       551695                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    150847478                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        79646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       385011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    210683169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    701481561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    701481561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    176393302                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34289861                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        36653                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1936435                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14106008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7391826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675664                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        147281723                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36787                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       141352092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17778084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36117271                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1499                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244281653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184389139     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27317704     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11168481      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6257043      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8476481      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2615048      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2567706      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1381511      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108540      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244281653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        973783     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131439     10.68%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126024     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119077969     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1932378      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17493      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12954949      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7369303      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    141352092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.541989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231246                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528359439                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165097284                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137673644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    142583338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104512                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2641709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          693                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106775                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3640605                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        480309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60737                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147318516                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116202                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14106008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7391826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          693                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1218012                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2371420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138891707                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12742881                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2460385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20111538                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19643001                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7368657                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            137674059                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           137673644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        82472796                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       221542361                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527885                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102621707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    126453154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20865957                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35288                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2071803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240641048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187121255     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27121628     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9847847      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4909371      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4486726      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1886042      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863288      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888251      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2516640      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240641048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    102621707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    126453154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18749346                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11464295                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18328729                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       113849284                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2611228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2516640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          385442804                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         298278851                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2981032                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16520916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         102621707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           126453154                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    102621707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.541398                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.541398                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393484                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393484                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      624957636                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     192367166                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     140400792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33572                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.930355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.577092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.652926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.963144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1836.232160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         206.082124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.896598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12533                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12533                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39415                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39416                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33527                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33572                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     93254017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32005571390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32098825407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53411259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     53411259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     93254017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32058982649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32152236666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     93254017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32058982649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32152236666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              72988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             72988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.492754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.492754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072311.488889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955589.866241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957088.240414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1570919.382353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1570919.382353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072311.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 956213.876846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957709.897117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072311.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 956213.876846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957709.897117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89303017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29064419300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29153722317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50426059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50426059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89303017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29114845359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29204148376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89303017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29114845359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29204148376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.492754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1984511.488889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 867775.932284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869274.325154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1483119.382353                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1483119.382353                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1984511.488889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 868399.957020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869895.995949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1984511.488889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 868399.957020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869895.995949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        28692                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.596422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         156499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        30740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.091054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.699729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.375996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1649.628597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         381.892099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.805483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.186471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 35642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  35733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35732                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 35733                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               28655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                28684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28644                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               28684                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57984487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26641492167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26699476654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     24213201                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24213201                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57984487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26665705368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    26723689855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57984487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26665705368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   26723689855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        64256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             64297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        64376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              64417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        64376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             64417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.445328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1449612.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 931032.401433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931756.295725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 834937.965517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834937.965517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1449612.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930935.112694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931658.410787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1449612.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930935.112694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931658.410787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4312                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4312                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           28684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          28684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54471585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24128334448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24182806033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21665827                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21665827                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54471585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24150000275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24204471860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54471585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24150000275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24204471860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.445328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1361789.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 843205.816809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843929.716734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 747097.482759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747097.482759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1361789.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 843108.513999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843831.817738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1361789.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 843108.513999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843831.817738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17802                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.848496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         151006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.607355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.259160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.926667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1665.269680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         350.392988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.813120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.171090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6089                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6089                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33885                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33886                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17767                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17801                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13959519520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14000684945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13959519520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    14000684945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13959519520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   14000684945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             51625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6089                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6089                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              51687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             51687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785699.303203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786511.147969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785699.303203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786511.147969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785699.303203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786511.147969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2381                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2381                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12399340623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12437520848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12399340623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12437520848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12399340623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12437520848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697886.003433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698697.873603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697886.003433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698697.873603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697886.003433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698697.873603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        17847                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.501896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         224432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        19895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        11.280824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.180836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.847050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1656.068058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         356.405953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.808627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.174026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 33733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               18454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  33878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33877                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 33878                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               17830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                17839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17803                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               17839                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73640314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15032769727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15106410041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6730905                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6730905                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73640314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15039500632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15113140946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73640314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15039500632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15113140946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             51563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           18454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              51717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             51717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2045564.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 844822.396707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847246.777398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 747878.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 747878.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2045564.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 844773.388305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847196.644767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2045564.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 844773.388305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847196.644767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               9701                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    9701                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           17839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          17839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70478242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13470032035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13540510277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5940705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5940705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70478242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13475972740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13546450982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70478242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13475972740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13546450982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1957728.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 756998.540800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759422.898317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 660078.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 660078.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1957728.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 756949.544459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759372.777734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1957728.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 756949.544459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759372.777734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        17882                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.508020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         224397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        19930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.259257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.181150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.834960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1650.603802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         361.888107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.805959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.176703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 33696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               18455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  33841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33840                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 33841                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               17866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                17874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17838                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               17874                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15067061403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15142638120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7333042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7333042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15074394445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15149971162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15074394445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15149971162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             51562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           18455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              51715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             51715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845039.899215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847567.341319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 916630.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916630.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845072.006111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847598.252322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845072.006111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847598.252322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               9706                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    9706                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           17874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          17874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13501408360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13573824277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6630642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13508039002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13580454919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13508039002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13580454919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757229.857543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759757.319881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 828830.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828830.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757261.968943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759788.235370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757261.968943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759788.235370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        11633                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.451581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         187683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        13681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        13.718515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.964649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.101926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1509.870367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         505.514639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.737241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.246833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 28076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  28227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28225                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 28227                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               11629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                11629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11587                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               11629                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9377270938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9463819137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9377270938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     9463819137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9377270938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    9463819137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             39705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              39856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             39856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809292.391301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813811.947459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809292.391301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813811.947459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809292.391301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813811.947459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5090                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5090                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           11628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          11628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8358653061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8441513660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8358653061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8441513660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8358653061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8441513660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721444.248317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725964.367045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721444.248317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725964.367045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721444.248317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725964.367045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        18033                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.509841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         224346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        20081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        11.172053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.196303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.867800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1653.074475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         359.371263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.807165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.175474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 33693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18408                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               18408                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  33837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33836                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 33837                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               18016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                18024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17987                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               18024                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65238813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15308388712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15373627525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6084367                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6084367                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65238813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15314473079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    15379711892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65238813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15314473079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   15379711892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        51671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             51709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18408                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           18408                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        51823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              51861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        51823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             51861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763211.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851459.408866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853331.900810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 760545.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 760545.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763211.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851418.973648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853290.717488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763211.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851418.973648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853290.717488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               9715                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    9715                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           18024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          18024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61988311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13729329824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13791318135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5381796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5381796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61988311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13734711620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13796699931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61988311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13734711620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13796699931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1675359.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763631.449135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765503.892929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 672724.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672724.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1675359.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763591.016845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765462.712550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1675359.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763591.016845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765462.712550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        17793                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.837802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         150936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        19841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         7.607278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.244958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.779419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1664.831981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         350.981445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.812906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.171378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 33759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6084                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                6084                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  33825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33824                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 33825                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               17792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                17792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17757                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               17792                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64196671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13998216703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14062413374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64196671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13998216703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    14062413374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64196671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13998216703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   14062413374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        51515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             51551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6084                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            6084                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        51581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              51617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        51581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             51617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1834190.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 788321.039759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790378.449528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1834190.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 788321.039759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790378.449528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1834190.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 788321.039759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790378.449528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               2379                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    2379                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           17792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          17792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61123671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12438978178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12500101849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61123671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12438978178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12500101849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61123671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12438978178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12500101849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1746390.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 700511.245030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702568.674067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1746390.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 700511.245030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702568.674067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1746390.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 700511.245030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702568.674067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        33658                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.932285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         198701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        35706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.564919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.642713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.949517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1835.699140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         206.640914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.896337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.100899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        39444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 39445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12516                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               12516                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        39477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  39478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        39477                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 39478                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               33622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                33658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33615                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               33658                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65464005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31773542514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31839006519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54541785                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     54541785                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65464005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31828084299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    31893548304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65464005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31828084299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   31893548304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             73067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12516                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           12516                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              73136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             73136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1522418.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 946232.541588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946969.440218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1515049.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1515049.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1522418.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 946841.716466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947577.048666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1522418.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 946841.716466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947577.048666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5295                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5295                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           33658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          33658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61688294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28824866493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28886554787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     51380985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51380985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61688294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28876247478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28937935772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61688294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28876247478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28937935772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1434611.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 858419.443491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859156.349622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1427249.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1427249.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1434611.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 859028.632396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859763.972072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1434611.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 859028.632396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859763.972072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        28686                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.594607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         156414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        30734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.089282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.700481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     4.356310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1648.882431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         382.655385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.805118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.186843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 35569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                7585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  35660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35659                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 35660                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               28649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                28678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28639                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               28678                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46188881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26829091174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26875280055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26896149                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26896149                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46188881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26855987323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    26902176204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46188881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26855987323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   26902176204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        64178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             64218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            7585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        64298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              64338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        64298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             64338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1184330.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937752.225585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938087.893295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 927453.413793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927453.413793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1184330.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937741.796955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 938077.139410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1184330.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937741.796955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 938077.139410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4314                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4314                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           28678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          28678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42752774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24314032038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24356784812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24344699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24344699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42752774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24338376737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24381129511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42752774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24338376737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24381129511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1096224.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849843.832157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850179.231806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 839472.379310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839472.379310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1096224.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849833.329970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850168.404735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1096224.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849833.329970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850168.404735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        28699                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.597061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         156578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        30744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.092961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.713724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.276757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1648.709649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         382.896930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.805034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.186961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 35711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7607                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                7607                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  35804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35803                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 35804                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               28663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                28693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28654                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               28693                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51139701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  26361506978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26412646679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26050828                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26050828                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51139701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  26387557806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    26438697507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51139701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  26387557806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   26438697507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             64374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7607                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            7607                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              64497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             64497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.243902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.243902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.444873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.444873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311274.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920958.181177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921489.260685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868360.933333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868360.933333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311274.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920903.113213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921433.712299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311274.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920903.113213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921433.712299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4318                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4318                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           28693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          28693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47715501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23848283228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23895998729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23415790                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23415790                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47715501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23871699018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23919414519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47715501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23871699018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23919414519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.243902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1223474.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833156.904276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833687.985521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 780526.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780526.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1223474.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833101.801424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833632.402293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1223474.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833101.801424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833632.402293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17897                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.512771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         224407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        11.251291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.083362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.919176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1651.696116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         360.814116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.806492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.176179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 33725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18434                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               18434                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  33870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33869                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 33870                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17854                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17890                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62778271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15158913511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15221691782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9190992                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9190992                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62778271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15168104503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    15230882774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62778271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15168104503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   15230882774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             51608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18434                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           18434                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              51760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             51760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.046053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.046053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1743840.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849381.605368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851182.227926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1312998.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1312998.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1743840.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849563.375322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851362.927557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1743840.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849563.375322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851362.927557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               9718                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    9718                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59617471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13591319353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13650936824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8576392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8576392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59617471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13599895745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13659513216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59617471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13599895745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13659513216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.046053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1656040.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 761546.442147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763347.135492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1225198.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1225198.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1656040.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 761728.225888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763527.848854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1656040.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 761728.225888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763527.848854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        17900                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.511769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         224463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        19948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        11.252406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.072719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.696987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1650.993413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         361.748651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.806149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.176635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 33797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               18419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  33942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33941                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 33942                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               17885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                17892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17857                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               17892                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63820029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15145269392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15209089421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6519023                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6519023                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63820029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15151788415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    15215608444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63820029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15151788415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   15215608444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             51682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           18419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              51834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             51834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.046053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.046053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1823429.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848474.475742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850382.411015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       931289                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       931289                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1823429.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848506.939296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 850414.064610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1823429.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848506.939296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 850414.064610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               9709                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    9709                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           17892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          17892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60746895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13577577698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13638324593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5904406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5904406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60746895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13583482104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13644228999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60746895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13583482104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13644228999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.046053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1735625.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 760648.610532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762556.588929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 843486.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843486.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1735625.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 760681.083273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762588.251677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1735625.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 760681.083273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762588.251677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        17839                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.500663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         224462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        19887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        11.286871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.274805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.202782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1652.878949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         359.144126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.807070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.175363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 33768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18448                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               18448                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  33913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33912                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 33913                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               17823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                17832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               17832                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73605028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14961571606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15035176634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8625934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8625934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73605028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14970197540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    15043802568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73605028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14970197540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   15043802568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             51591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18448                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           18448                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              51745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             51745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1840125.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841341.258843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843582.821859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 958437.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958437.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1840125.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841400.491232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843640.790040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1840125.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841400.491232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843640.790040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               9699                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    9699                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           17832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          17832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70092420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13399878527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13469970947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7835734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7835734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70092420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13407714261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13477806681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70092420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13407714261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13477806681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1752310.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 753521.820109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755763.392639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870637.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870637.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1752310.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 753581.062331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755821.370626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1752310.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 753581.062331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755821.370626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        17861                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.510123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         224401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        19909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        11.271335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.045091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.969077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1651.583015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         360.912940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.806437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.176227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 33725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18430                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               18430                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  33870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33869                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 33870                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               17845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                17853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17816                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               17853                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59951332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15050702988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15110654320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5032055                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5032055                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59951332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15055735043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    15115686375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59951332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15055735043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   15115686375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             51570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18430                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           18430                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              51723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             51723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1620306.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845165.262129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846772.447184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 629006.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 629006.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1620306.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845068.199540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846674.865569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1620306.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845068.199540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846674.865569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               9694                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    9694                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           17853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          17853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56702732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13486718248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13543420980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4329467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4329467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56702732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13491047715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13547750447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56702732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13491047715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13547750447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1532506.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 757340.422731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758947.659288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 541183.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541183.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1532506.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 757243.360743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758850.078250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1532506.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 757243.360743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758850.078250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         8464                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.248747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         210133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        10512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        19.989821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.184486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     5.998394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1386.203873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         616.861993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.676857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.301202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 27524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  27731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27729                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 27731                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                8463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 8463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8423                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                8463                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119797741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6798712118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6918509859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119797741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6798712118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     6918509859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119797741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6798712118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    6918509859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             35987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              36194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             36194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994943.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807160.408168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817500.869550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994943.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807160.408168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817500.869550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994943.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807160.408168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817500.869550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            8463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           8463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116285279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6059074720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6175359999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116285279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6059074720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6175359999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116285279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6059074720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6175359999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907131.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 719348.773596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729689.235378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907131.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 719348.773596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729689.235378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907131.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 719348.773596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729689.235378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              582.053828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010714473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715983.825127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.663248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10706583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10706583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10706583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    142751752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142751752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    142751752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142751752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    142751752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142751752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10706651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10706651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10706651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099290.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2099290.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099290.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2099290.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099290.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2099290.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     93693587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93693587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     93693587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93693587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     93693587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93693587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2036817.108696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2036817.108696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2036817.108696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2036817.108696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2036817.108696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2036817.108696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432116427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5903.391172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     28001868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28001868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43331737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43331737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43331737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43331737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       266558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       266558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132205327288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132205327288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    202609108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    202609108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132407936396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132407936396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132407936396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132407936396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28268144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28268144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43598295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43598295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43598295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43598295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496497.345942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496497.345942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718472.014184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 718472.014184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496732.179848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496732.179848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496732.179848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496732.179848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34972300160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34972300160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56055237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56055237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35028355397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35028355397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35028355397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35028355397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479907.512522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479907.512522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 812394.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812394.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480222.031162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480222.031162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480222.031162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480222.031162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.652697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              987038810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1858830.150659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.652697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10935295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10935295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10935295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10935295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10935295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10935295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85806684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85806684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85806684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85806684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85806684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85806684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10935355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10935355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10935355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10935355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10935355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10935355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1430111.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1430111.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1430111.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1430111.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1430111.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1430111.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58407271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58407271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58407271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58407271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58407271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58407271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1424567.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1424567.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1424567.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1424567.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1424567.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1424567.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                64376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              175190175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                64632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2710.579512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.292550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.707450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7573711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7573711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6272108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6272108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14631                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14631                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13845819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13845819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13845819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13845819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       168026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       168892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       168892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       168892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       168892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  74524472924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74524472924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    336755087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336755087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  74861228011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74861228011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  74861228011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74861228011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7741737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7741737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6272974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6272974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        14631                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14631                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14014711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14014711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14014711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14014711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443529.411662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443529.411662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 388862.687067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 388862.687067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443249.106003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443249.106003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443249.106003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443249.106003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       104516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       104516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        64256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        64376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        64376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29219591160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29219591160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30334421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30334421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29249925581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29249925581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29249925581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29249925581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454737.163222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454737.163222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 252786.841667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252786.841667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454360.717985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454360.717985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454360.717985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454360.717985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.490978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              899277983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1600138.759786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.459098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.031880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11462136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11462136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11462136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11462136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11462136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11462136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11462182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11462182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11462182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11462182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11462182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11462182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                51652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              217521648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                51908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4190.522617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.291372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.708628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.782388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.217612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16858043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16858043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3237194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20095237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20095237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20095237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20095237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       182785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       182785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80696543020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80696543020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22626320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22626320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80719169340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80719169340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80719169340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80719169340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17040563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17040563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3237459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20278022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20278022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20278022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20278022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000082                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442124.386478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442124.386478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85382.339623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85382.339623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 441607.185163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441607.185163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 441607.185163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441607.185163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       131133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       131133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16324634010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16324634010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4018147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4018147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16328652157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16328652157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16328652157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16328652157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316430.199845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316430.199845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64808.822581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64808.822581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316128.168454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316128.168454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316128.168454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316128.168454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.313321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              982958294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1893946.616570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.313321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.058194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11278953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11278953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11278953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11278953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11278953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11278953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105223854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105223854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105223854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105223854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105223854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105223854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11279003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11279003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11279003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11279003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11279003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11279003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2104477.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2104477.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2104477.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2104477.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2104477.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2104477.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74008421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74008421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74008421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74008421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74008421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74008421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2000227.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2000227.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2000227.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2000227.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2000227.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2000227.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                51680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167105127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                51936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3217.520159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.042002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.957998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7951315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7951315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6725656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6725656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16782                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16782                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14676971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14676971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14676971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14676971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       182508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       182508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  74520938313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74520938313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3286777666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3286777666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  77807715979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77807715979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  77807715979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77807715979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8128389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8128389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6731090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6731090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16782                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16782                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14859479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14859479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14859479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14859479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 420846.303314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420846.303314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 604854.189547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 604854.189547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426324.960983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426324.960983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426324.960983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426324.960983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     35019205                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 432335.864198                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       125548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       130828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       130828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17397498302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17397498302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16243100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16243100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17413741402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17413741402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17413741402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17413741402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337645.039436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337645.039436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105474.675325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105474.675325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336953.200503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336953.200503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336953.200503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336953.200503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.305597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              982967600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1893964.547206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.305597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11288259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11288259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11288259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11288259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11288259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11288259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11288315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11288315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11288315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11288315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11288315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11288315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                51678                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167120760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                51934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3217.945084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.189333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.810667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7960724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7960724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6732211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6732211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14692935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14692935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14692935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14692935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       176515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       182014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       182014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  73896424477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73896424477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3586730435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3586730435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77483154912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77483154912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77483154912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77483154912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8137239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8137239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6737710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6737710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16436                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16436                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14874949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14874949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14874949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14874949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 418641.047373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418641.047373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 652251.397527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 652251.397527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425698.874328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425698.874328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425698.874328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425698.874328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     36102347                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 481364.626667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       124990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17430255815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17430255815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16829256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16829256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17447085071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17447085071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17447085071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17447085071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338287.352062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338287.352062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109995.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109995.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337611.460796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337611.460796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337611.460796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337611.460796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.115848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              982352561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1892779.500963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    43.115848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.069096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11902199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11902199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11902199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11902199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11902199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11902199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11902250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11902250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11902250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11902250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11902250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11902250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              161748986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                40068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4036.861985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.856165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.143835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8199965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8199965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6903359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6903359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15103324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15103324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15103324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15103324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       128169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       128169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42488167337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42488167337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     75446795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75446795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42563614132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42563614132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42563614132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42563614132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8327242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8327242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6904251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6904251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15231493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15231493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15231493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15231493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333824.393543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333824.393543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84581.608744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84581.608744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 332089.773128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332089.773128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 332089.773128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332089.773128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11302717134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11302717134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9763147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9763147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11312480281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11312480281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11312480281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11312480281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284983.160636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284983.160636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64656.602649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64656.602649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284147.500276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284147.500276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284147.500276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284147.500276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.447798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              982949540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1890287.576923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    36.447798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.058410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11270199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11270199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11270199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11270199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11270199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11270199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99410593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99410593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99410593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99410593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99410593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99410593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11270255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11270255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11270255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11270255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11270255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11270255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1775189.160714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1775189.160714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1775189.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1775189.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1775189.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1775189.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65622658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65622658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65622658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65622658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65622658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65622658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1726912.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726912.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1726912.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726912.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1726912.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726912.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                51823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167096203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                52079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3208.514046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.191080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.808920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7947983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7947983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6720425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6720425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14668408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14668408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14668408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14668408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       182070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       182070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74373532578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74373532578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3489698620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3489698620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  77863231198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77863231198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  77863231198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77863231198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8124602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8124602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6725876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6725876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14850478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14850478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14850478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14850478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 421095.876310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421095.876310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 640194.206568                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640194.206568                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 427655.468765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427655.468765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 427655.468765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427655.468765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     33291176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 443882.346667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           18408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       130247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       130247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        51671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        51823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        51823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17672930310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17672930310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15480388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15480388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17688410698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17688410698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17688410698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17688410698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 342028.029456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342028.029456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101844.657895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101844.657895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 341323.557069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341323.557069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 341323.557069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341323.557069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.968430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              899272112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1597286.166963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.816226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.152204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11456265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11456265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11456265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11456265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11456265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11456265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     81678998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81678998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     81678998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81678998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     81678998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81678998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11456314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11456314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11456314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11456314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11456314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11456314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1666918.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1666918.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1666918.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1666918.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1666918.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1666918.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64596266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64596266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64596266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64596266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64596266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64596266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1794340.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794340.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1794340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1794340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                51581                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              217511638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                51837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4196.069178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   200.288563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    55.711437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.782377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.217623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16849254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16849254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3235982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3235982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20085236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       20085236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20085236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      20085236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       182279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       182576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       182576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       182576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       182576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  81115047320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81115047320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25386550                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25386550                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  81140433870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81140433870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  81140433870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81140433870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17031533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17031533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3236279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3236279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20267812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20267812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20267812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20267812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 445004.895353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445004.895353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 85476.599327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85476.599327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 444420.043544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444420.043544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 444420.043544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444420.043544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6084                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6084                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       130764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       130995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       130995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        51515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        51581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        51581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16358703587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16358703587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4267975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4267975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16362971562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16362971562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16362971562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16362971562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317552.238901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317552.238901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64666.287879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64666.287879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317228.660980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317228.660980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317228.660980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317228.660980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              581.681488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1010729034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1721855.253833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    40.564265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.117223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.065007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10721144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10721144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10721144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10721144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10721144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10721144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85834678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85834678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85834678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85834678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85834678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85834678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10721210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10721210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10721210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10721210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10721210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10721210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1300525.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1300525.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1300525.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1300525.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1300525.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1300525.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65889226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65889226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65889226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65889226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65889226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65889226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1497482.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497482.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1497482.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497482.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1497482.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497482.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                73092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              432200740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                73348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5892.467961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.881274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.118726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     28052503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28052503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15363565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15363565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     43416068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       43416068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     43416068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      43416068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       267818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       268089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       268089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       268089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       268089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131874342668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131874342668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    202918109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    202918109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 132077260777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132077260777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 132077260777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132077260777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     28320321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28320321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15363836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15363836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     43684157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43684157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     43684157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43684157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492402.835762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492402.835762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748775.309963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 748775.309963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492661.992014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492661.992014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492661.992014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492661.992014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           12516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       194795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       194997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       194997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34745891260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34745891260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     57057642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57057642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34802948902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34802948902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34802948902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34802948902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 475821.196883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475821.196883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 826922.347826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 826922.347826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 476152.641903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476152.641903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 476152.641903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476152.641903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              528.585943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              987024811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1862310.964151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.585943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10921296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10921296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10921296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10921296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10921296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10921296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72037276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72037276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72037276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72037276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72037276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72037276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10921360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10921360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10921360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10921360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10921360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10921360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1125582.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1125582.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1125582.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1125582.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1125582.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1125582.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46579021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46579021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46579021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46579021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46579021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46579021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1164475.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1164475.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1164475.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1164475.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1164475.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1164475.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                64298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              175173673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                64554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2713.599049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.289689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.710311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7563983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7563983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6265516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6265516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     13829499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       13829499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     13829499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      13829499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       166980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       166980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       167850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       167850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       167850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       167850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  74032509743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74032509743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    368598236                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    368598236                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  74401107979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74401107979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  74401107979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74401107979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7730963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7730963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6266386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6266386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        14617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     13997349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13997349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     13997349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13997349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 443361.538765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443361.538765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 423676.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423676.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 443259.505386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443259.505386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 443259.505386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443259.505386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       179287                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       179287                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       102802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       103552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       103552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        64178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        64298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        64298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29402297209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29402297209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33024086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33024086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29435321295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29435321295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29435321295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29435321295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458136.701190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458136.701190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 275200.716667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275200.716667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457795.285934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457795.285934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457795.285934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457795.285934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              528.237028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              987055700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1862369.245283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.237028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.061277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10952185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10952185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10952185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10952185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10952185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10952185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70382954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70382954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70382954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70382954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70382954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70382954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10952243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10952243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10952243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10952243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10952243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10952243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1213499.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1213499.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1213499.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1213499.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1213499.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1213499.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51573551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51573551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51573551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51573551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51573551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51573551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1289338.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1289338.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1289338.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1289338.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1289338.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1289338.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                64455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              175217292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                64711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2707.689450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.289559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.710441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.915194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.084806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7586624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7586624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6286384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6286384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14665                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14665                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13873008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       13873008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13873008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      13873008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       168030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       168879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       168879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       168879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       168879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73388969798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73388969798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    313806109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    313806109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73702775907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73702775907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73702775907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73702775907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7754654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7754654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6287233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6287233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14665                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14665                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14041887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14041887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14041887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14041887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436761.112885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436761.112885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 369618.502945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 369618.502945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436423.568987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436423.568987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436423.568987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436423.568987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       103696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28944319793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28944319793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32316739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32316739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28976636532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28976636532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28976636532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28976636532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449907.044378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449907.044378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 262737.715447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262737.715447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449549.878710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449549.878710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449549.878710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449549.878710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.284657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              982956032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1893942.258189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.284657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.058148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11276691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11276691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11276691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11276691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11276691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11276691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94603615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94603615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94603615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94603615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94603615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94603615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11276744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11276744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11276744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11276744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11276744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11276744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1784973.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1784973.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1784973.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1784973.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1784973.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1784973.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63167399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63167399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63167399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63167399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63167399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63167399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1707227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1707227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1707227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                51723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              167103319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                51979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3214.823660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.043153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.956847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7951186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7951186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6724281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6724281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14675467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14675467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14675467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14675467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       176610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5464                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5464                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       182074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       182074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  74269774944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74269774944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3552550557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3552550557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  77822325501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77822325501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  77822325501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77822325501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8127796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8127796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6729745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6729745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14857541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14857541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14857541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14857541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 420529.839443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420529.839443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 650173.967240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650173.967240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 427421.408334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427421.408334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 427421.408334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427421.408334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     41241526                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            77                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 535604.233766                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           18434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       125039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17524171267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17524171267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18661421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18661421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17542832688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17542832688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17542832688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17542832688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339806.698862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339806.698862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122772.506579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122772.506579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339168.893684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339168.893684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339168.893684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339168.893684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.115470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              982955929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1897598.318533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.115470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11276588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11276588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11276588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11276588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11276588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11276588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95382605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95382605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95382605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95382605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95382605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95382605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11276639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11276639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11276639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11276639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11276639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11276639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1870247.156863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1870247.156863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1870247.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1870247.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1870247.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1870247.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64211971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64211971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64211971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64211971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64211971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64211971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1783665.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1783665.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1783665.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1783665.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1783665.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1783665.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                51798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167111145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                52054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3210.342049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.046190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.953810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7954719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7954719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6728585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6728585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14683304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14683304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14683304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14683304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       176703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       182194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       182194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  73751395297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73751395297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3673399452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3673399452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  77424794749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77424794749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  77424794749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77424794749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8131422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8131422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6734076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6734076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14865498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14865498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14865498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14865498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000815                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000815                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 417374.890619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417374.890619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 668985.513021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 668985.513021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 424957.982969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424957.982969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 424957.982969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424957.982969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     34247201                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 407704.773810                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           18419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       125057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17515541776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17515541776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15988327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15988327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17531530103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17531530103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17531530103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17531530103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339146.144445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339146.144445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105186.361842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105186.361842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 338459.595023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338459.595023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 338459.595023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338459.595023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              521.511637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              982967007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1879478.024857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.511637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11287666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11287666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11287666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11287666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11287666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11287666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111830989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111830989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111830989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111830989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111830989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111830989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11287729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11287729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11287729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11287729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11287729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11287729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1775095.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1775095.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1775095.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1775095.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1775095.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1775095.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74057902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74057902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74057902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74057902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74057902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74057902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1806290.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806290.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1806290.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806290.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1806290.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806290.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                51704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167122184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                51960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3216.362279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.038186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.961814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7960622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7960622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6733387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6733387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14694009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14694009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14694009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14694009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74249735749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74249735749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3413451258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3413451258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  77663187007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77663187007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  77663187007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77663187007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8137902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8137902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6738847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6738847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14876749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14876749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14876749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14876749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 418827.480534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418827.480534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 625174.223077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625174.223077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 424992.814967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424992.814967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 424992.814967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424992.814967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     38007758                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 469231.580247                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           18448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       125730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17328646713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17328646713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18123478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18123478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17346770191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17346770191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17346770191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17346770191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336152.215577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336152.215577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117684.922078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117684.922078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335501.512281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335501.512281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335501.512281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335501.512281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.535408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              982962305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1890312.125000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.535408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11282964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11282964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11282964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11282964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11282964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11282964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92697413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92697413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92697413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92697413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92697413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92697413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11283020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11283020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11283020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11283020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11283020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11283020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1655310.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1655310.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1655310.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1655310.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1655310.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1655310.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60338718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60338718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60338718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60338718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60338718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60338718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1587861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1587861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1587861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1587861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1587861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1587861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                51684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167114474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                51940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3217.452330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.043344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.956656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7957834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7957834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6728649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6728649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14686483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       14686483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14686483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      14686483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       176573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       182006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       182006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  73739362684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73739362684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3458526275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3458526275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  77197888959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77197888959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  77197888959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77197888959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8134407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8134407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6734082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6734082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14868489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14868489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14868489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14868489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 417614.033199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417614.033199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 636577.632063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 636577.632063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 424150.242074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424150.242074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 424150.242074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424150.242074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     39231313                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            73                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 537415.246575                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           18430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       125041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17414210085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17414210085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14518590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14518590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17428728675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17428728675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17428728675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17428728675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337930.025712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337930.025712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94892.745098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94892.745098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337210.577053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337210.577053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337210.577053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337210.577053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              496.356072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              985810724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1983522.583501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    41.356072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.066276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12227163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12227163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12227163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12227163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12227163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12227163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    175248881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175248881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    175248881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175248881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    175248881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175248881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12227221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12227221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12227221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12227221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12227221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12227221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3021532.431034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3021532.431034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3021532.431034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3021532.431034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3021532.431034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3021532.431034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1775519                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 355103.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    120260483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120260483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    120260483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120260483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    120260483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120260483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2863344.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2863344.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2863344.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2863344.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2863344.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2863344.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                36152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              159786188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                36408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4388.765876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.415905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.584095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9758339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9758339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7247348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7247348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17005687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17005687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17005687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17005687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        95060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        95060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20784433859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20784433859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    134309369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134309369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20918743228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20918743228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20918743228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20918743228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9851313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9851313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7249434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7249434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17100747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17100747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17100747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17100747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223551.034257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223551.034257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64386.082934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64386.082934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 220058.312939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220058.312939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 220058.312939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220058.312939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           29                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    14.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8658816338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8658816338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15034557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15034557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8673850895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8673850895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8673850895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8673850895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240890.703519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240890.703519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72630.710145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72630.710145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239927.276361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239927.276361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239927.276361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239927.276361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
